

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: katekyou "alternate universe" sort:>words 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Explicit 

Archive Warning:

        Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings 

Category:

        Multi 

Fandom:

        Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling 

Relationships:

        Regulus Black/James PotterSirius Black/Remus LupinMarlene McKinnon/Dorcas MeadowesBarty Crouch Jr./Evan RosierMary Macdonald/Lily Evans Potter 

Characters:

        James PotterRegulus BlackRemus LupinSirius BlackPeter PettigrewMarlene McKinnonDorcas MeadowesMary Macdonald (Harry Potter)Lucius MalfoyWalburga BlackOrion BlackFrank LongbottomAlice LongbottomEvan RosierBartemius Crouch Jr.Bartemius Crouch Sr.Lily Evans Potter 

Additional Tags:

        Explicit Sexual ContentAlternate Universe - College/UniversityJegulusEating Disordersmental health strugglesHappy Endingdid you see that????not one deathokay sorry I'm doneDeaf Remus LupinHockeyModern Marauders (Harry Potter)Social AnxietywolfstardorleneMarylilyRosekillerSexual Harassment 

Language:
    English 
Stats:

    Published:
        2022-07-02
    Completed:
        2023-10-31
    Words:
        303,706
    Chapters:
        28/28
    Comments:
        5,358
    Kudos:
        27,172
    Bookmarks:
        7,781
    Hits:
        1,379,821

Kill Your Darlings
MesserMoon
Summary:

    Kill Your Darlings: To remove or refrain from using something in spite of one's affection for it

    Years after Regulus loses his brother they're reunited, and as he struggles to figure out where he fits in Sirius's life he also struggles not to get lost in the impossible feelings he has for Sirius's best friend.

Notes:

    Translation into Русский available: Kill Your Darlings | Убей своих любимых by HomeOfJegulus

(See the end of the work for other works inspired by this one.)
Chapter 1
Notes:

    Frosh = College freshmen or first years

    Residence = on campus student housing / dorms

    RA = Resident advisor, aka an older student who lives in residence and helps keep the frosh alive

    AND real quick note about Hockey - if you're planning to go to college before playing pro-hockey, you usually (not always, but usually) get drafted before you start school. I'm pointing this out just because I know with other sports it's the opposite, you get drafted at the end of college

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

During one of the many therapy sessions that Regulus’s parents pay an exorbitant amount of money for, hoping they’ll make him into the charismatic son they want—like some kind of psychological boob job—his therapist asks him what he would say to his inner child. Being all of seventeen, Regulus thinks it’s a bit presumptuous to assume that there is anything inner about his child, but he doesn’t bother pointing that out. He has heard enough times, from enough overpaid professionals, that his sarcasm is a defence mechanism. He thought that was obvious, but for whatever reason, people continue to feel the need to point it out.

In any case, Regulus doesn’t understand the question.

“My inner child?”

“Yes,” the woman goes on in an infuriatingly calm voice. “Do you think you would be able to be this cruel to yourself—“

“I’m not cruel,” he isn’t. He’s just honest. If that honesty happens to be a little mean spirited that’s hardly something to make a fuss about.

His therapist gives him a condescending smile. “Do you think you would be able to be this hard on yourself,” she corrects, “if you were talking to him?”

Regulus blinks. “Him?”

“Yes.”

“My inner child?”

“Yes.”

Regulus lets a few more seconds pass, hoping the woman in front of him will suddenly burst out laughing and confess that this is a joke.

She does not.

“Do people usually say no?” he asks finally.

He swears he sees the flicker of a genuine smile in the corner of her mouth. “What people usually do isn’t important, this is about you.”

Oh joy.

“I don’t understand why how old I am makes a difference,” Regulus says eventually, feeling, to his dismay, genuine frustration. “I didn’t like myself when I was younger anymore than I like myself now.”

That actually makes her look kind of sad, which Regulus thinks is unnecessary. He’s lived a very privileged life all things considered. He doesn’t think a little self-hatred is anything to get upset about. 

“You don’t feel the need to be kind to him? Protect him? Perhaps the way you wish that other people would have?”

Regulus struggles not to roll his eyes. “No.”

She tilts her head to the side. “And why not?”

And then, in an embarrassing moment of honesty, Regulus finds himself blurting out; “Because he’s inadequate.” He instantly wants to take it back, but of course he can’t. He’s usually much better at not letting things like that slip out.

His therapist has that sad look in her eyes again that Regulus is almost certain is breaking some kind of professional code of conduct. Surely therapists should be required to remain neutral at all times. Perhaps he’ll write a letter of complaint to the ethics board.

“By whose standards?” she asks eventually, stare intense. “Yours or theirs?”

Regulus’s teeth grind together. He doesn’t like where this is going at all. “Theirs?”

“Your parents. Your brother. Was it your own expectations you fell short of, or was it theirs?”

His eyes narrow. “What’s the difference?”

“The difference,” she says, in that same infuriatingly soft tone. “Is that you don’t seem to think that you matter in all of this. The way others perceive you determines your entire relationship with yourself. You think your parents and your brother feel that you’ve failed to live up to some sort of standard they’ve set for you and therefore you are inadequate. But what about you Regulus? What do you want? What do you need? Have you ever gotten it? Weren’t they also inadequate, in some way?” 

Regulus sits stock still, his whole body tense. A long moment of silence passing in which only the ticking of the clock and the distant noises of construction can be heard.

“I think,” Regulus says finally, voice quiet and tightly held, “that our time is up.” 

 

 

Several months later, as he drives away from his hometown, after stiff goodbyes on the front lawn—his mother squeezing his shoulder and whispering, “don’t let me down” like it’s a threat—the memory of that therapy session comes back to him. Not because there was anything necessarily revelatory about it. But because, watching his childhood home shrink in the rearview mirror doesn’t do anything to loosen the tightness in his chest. Because even when the miles rack up and the distance between him and his mother grows, he can still feel the weight of her grip on his shoulder.

He’d thought there would be some satisfaction in finally driving away. That he would be able to leave some of this behind—the guilt, the insecurity, the aching loneliness. That his mother’s voice in his head would dim. But, of course, he was wrong.

Because when all is said and done, he can’t drive away from himself.

Can’t escape himself.

Or the fact, that he is still, after all this time,

inadequate.

 

 

“Fuck,” the word punches out of Regulus as his chest slams into the dashboard.

“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Cerci says, “I didn’t see it!”

“The stoplight?” Regulus rubs his sternum. “The big flashing lights in front of us? You didn’t see them? They’re multi-coloured.”

Cerci sighs dramatically, swinging her head in Regulus’s direction. Her glaring is somewhat undermined by the pink, heart-shaped sunglasses taking up most of her face.

“You get bitchy when you’re nervous, anyone ever tell you that?”

“Yeah, you.”

Cerci snorts.

“Could you please just not kill us before we get there?”

“Aw, you never let me have any fun.”

Regulus gives her a flat look that makes Cerci laugh. “Okay, okay no death before the semester starts, you got it. You little nerd,” she reaches over to ruffle his hair.

“I don’t think not wanting to die makes me a nerd,” he says, shoving her off.

“No,” she bites her lower lip, smiling. “Being so excited for your first day of school does though.” 

“I’m not,” Regulus tries to ignore the blush he knows is heating up his cheeks. “Besides, it isn’t even really the first day. It’s move-in day. And I’m not excited about it.”

“Uh-huh,” Cerci smirks, looking far too smug for Regulus’s liking.

“Okay, mocking Regulus time is over now.”

“Nooo!” she whines. “But that’s my favourite time!”

He does his best to keep himself from laughing, the last thing he wants to do is encourage her. “Could you just keep your eyes on the road? Please?” 

“Relax it’s red—oh wait,” she quickly slams her foot on the gas pedal, once again throwing Regulus forward.

“Seriously!?”

“Sorry! I didn’t—“

“See it, yeah, I know,” Regulus winces as he brushes his hand over his chest. He’s definitely gonna have a bruise.

“Didn’t you play hockey? Shouldn’t you be used to things slamming into you?” she adjusts the dial on the radio while she talks, turning up the music to inhuman levels.

“There’s padding in hockey—keep your hands on the wheel! Jesus.”

“What?” she shouts as she makes a sharp turn that has Regulus sliding into the door.

He glares at her, turning down the music. Cerci sticks out her tongue. “Spoil sport.”

“You promised no dying.”

Cerci lets out a huff but doesn’t try to adjust the volume again. Out the window the street they’re on is lined with old houses—big ones, with wraparound porches and thick trunked trees. Some of the leaves have started to change colour, the first whispers of fall. It looks like a postcard.

Regulus fidgets. He’s never lived anywhere this pretty. He’s afraid he’ll stand out.

“Hey, is your brother gonna be there today?” Cerci asks as the outline of the main campus starts to come into view and Regulus feels his pulse speed up.

Okay, so maybe he is a little excited.

And terrified.

“Am I finally gonna get to meet the infamous Sirius Black?”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “He’s not infamous.”

Cerci gives him a sidelong look. “He’s a little bit infamous.”

“Whatever. Yeah I think—he said he was going to try to stop by so…but I don’t know. He might be busy with his own shit.”

He knows that Cerci can hear the forced casualness of his tone, but she doesn’t comment. For all that they tease one another, they both know where the line is. Know when it stops being fun. And Regulus’s family is about as far from fun as you can get.

The pathetic truth, is that Sirius is the only reason Regulus is here. Well, at least he’s fifty percent of the reason. When Cerci decided on Godric U there wasn’t really any other option for Regulus. But the reason he applied in the first place, the secret reason the school had always been his first choice (even though he told everyone it was because of its very reputable business school) was his brother.

Sirius ran away when he was fourteen. No one ever phrases it that way, ever calls it what it was, but as far as Regulus is concerned that is exactly what happened.

Sirius had been scouted by a prestigious athletics private school across the country. To this day Regulus doesn’t know what he was expecting to happen when he told their parents, but it certainly wasn’t for their mother to make clear that hockey was a hobby, not a career. Sirius was supposed to go on to study economics or business. Supposed to get internships at big tech companies before eventually coming to work for her.

You only needed to talk to Sirius for five seconds to know that that was never going to happen. But then, their mother rarely did—talk to them, that is—she mostly just sort of…talked at them. Anyway, Sirius informed her, in no uncertain terms, that there was no way in hell he was going to be following in her footsteps. He was NHL bound. End of story. Which their mother told him, in much the same manner, was a joke. Laughable. Childish. And there was no way she would ever pay for such a thing.

But Sirius wasn’t only good enough to be offered a place at the school, he was also good enough to be offered a scholarship. So one night, he packed his bags, and slipped out of the house. Going to one of his teammates who had also been recruited. Needless to say their mother was incensed. In fact, she was on the phone to the police to drag him back when their father finally stepped in. It was just a phase, he said, it would pass, and besides, it was still a school with a good reputation. Even if that reputation was for shooting pucks and not solving equations.   

So the phone was hung up. The police were not called. And Sirius was allowed to go off and follow his dreams. Regulus, on the other hand, was pulled out of Hockey, his life scheduled down to the minute with activities and hobbies his mother was certain would mold him into the son she wanted. The son Sirius should have been.

She has, Regulus is certain, been endlessly disappointed by the results.

“Oi! Space cadet? Earth to Regulus?” a hand waves in front of his face that he instantly smacks away.

“What?” he asks, looking over at Cerci.

She smirks, gesturing out the windshield. “We’re here, you weirdo.” It’s only then that Regulus realizes they’re not moving anymore.

“Oh,” he says, looking up at the old buildings standing over them, at the hoards of kids with all manner of bags and boxes and…stuff. Most of them are surrounded by family—hovering parents, little siblings—and Regulus feels something in him ache.

“Hey,” Cerci knocks their shoulders together. “What’s that look for?”

He blinks, quickly wiping his face clean. “Just thinking about all the things we’re gonna have to carry up the stairs.”

“Ugh,” Cerci groans, head dropping back against her seat. “I forgot about that. Can’t we just….magic it into your room?”

Regulus snorts, undoing his seatbelt. “Yeah, you let me know how well that goes for you.”

“You know,” Cerci says as she pops the trunk, following him out of the car. “I really think you could be more supportive.”

This area of campus is somewhat self-contained, with six old buildings all organized around a large courtyard. As Regulus slips one of his bags over his shoulder, he tries to figure out what each of them is.

“You wrote down the residence info right?” he asks.

“Er—yeah,” Cerci twists her arm around and it takes Regulus a second to realize what she’s doing.

“You wrote it down on your arm?” he demands indignantly.

“What? This way I’m not going to lose it.” She shakes her arm at him. “See? Permanently attached.”

Regulus rolls his eyes, though he can’t help laughing a little bit. “God you’re nuts, you know that?”

“But you love me anyway,” she leans over and gives him a big smacking kiss on the cheek.

Regulus pulls a face that has Cerci snickering as she goes back to trying to decipher the hieroglyphics on her arm. “I think you’re in…shit—no wait, that’s definitely an L—“ Regulus holds his hand up to shield his eyes from the blinding sun. “Sly—the—rin. Slytherin!” she looks up at him excitedly but Regulus only arches his brow.

“Which is…where?”

“Uh…” Cerci squints at her arm some more, spinning around. “There!” she points triumphantly to an old brick building with white pillars and an elegant cloth sign reading “Slytherin” hanging above the door.

“Guess we could have just read the signs.”

“But then we wouldn’t have gotten the full experience of my wonderful map,” Cerci winks, grabbing a few more of Regulus’s things and slamming the trunk shut. “Alright sparky, lets go find your room.”

“I still can’t believe you’re living off campus,” Regulus grumbles as they walk towards his dorm. 

“Oh cheer up, I’ll be here lots. And it’s not as though we could’ve been roommates.”

“They have co-ed floors,” Regulus argues, it’s an old discussion, one they’ve been going over for the past few months now.

“Yes, but not co-ed roommates. And if you wanted to live together so badly you could have gotten an apartment with me.”

Regulus frowns but doesn’t respond. Sirius had gushed about the residence experience, about how excited he was for Regulus to be hanging out in all his old haunts, how he was gonna teach him the tricks of the trade—how to scam the meal hall, how to sneak up to the roof, how to get change out of the washing machines. It isn’t that Regulus really cares about any of that honestly, but it’d been…nice, for him and Sirius to finally have something to talk about again.

So he’d signed-up for a room on campus and Cerci had abandoned him.

“Names,” there’s a boy standing in front of the entrance to the dorm, he has a clipboard in his hands that he doesn’t look up from when he speaks, voice monotone. Bored.

“Er—just name—one name, I mean, my name—she’s—er—she’s not—“

“Regulus Black,” Cerci cuts off his rambling.

Regulus shoots her a grateful look while internally berating himself. He really isn’t some meek blushing wallflower. It’s just that he’s never gotten the hang of moments like this—when he doesn’t know the script.

A pair of dark eyes flick up off the clipboard. They do not look friendly, which really isn’t doing anything for his anxiety. “Black?” the boy demands, voice sharp.

“Er—yes?”

He feels himself being assessed and not in a particularly flattering way. Regulus’s ears go pink.

“As in Sirius Black?”

As in Regulus. “Sirius is my brother.”

The boy in front of him sneers. “Brilliant, just what we needed at this school. Another entitled rich kid.”

“Uh…”

“Aren’t you supposed to be the welcoming committee?” Cerci demands. “Cause I gotta tell you buddy, I’m not feeling very fucking welcomed.”

The boy only scowls at her before turning back to his clipboard, eyes running down the page. “Thank God,” he says after a few seconds. “You’ve been moved.”

Regulus blinks. “What?”

“Your dorm assignment has been moved. You’re in Gryffindor now.”

“Er—okay, and that’s—“

The boy doesn’t even wait for him to finish before he’s jabbing his finger across the courtyard. Regulus turns to see a building covered in clearly homemade paper banners, depicting lions with varying degrees of accuracy.

“Oh…okay, uh—why was I moved?” he turns back to the dark haired boy who is still glaring at him.

“Do I look like fucking HR? Now get out of the way so I can help the people who actually live here.”

“Okay that’s it, you are a cu—“

“YUP,” Regulus cuts Cerci off, sending her a please don’t start a fight on our first day look. “We’re going. Thanks.”

Mercifully, Cerci seems to have gotten the message, following Regulus as he starts making his way back across the quad. Though she does turn around when they’re a few paces away to throw up her middle finger.

“Really?”

“He deserves it. Dickhead.”

As they get closer to Gryffindor it becomes apparent that someone is blasting music from a bluetooth speaker somewhere, Whitney Houston’s I Wanna Dance With Somebody growing louder the closer they get.

Cerci leans into him. “I already like this place better,” she whisper-shouts in his ear.

“Good, maybe you can still give-up your lease and move in with me.”

She laughs. “You’ve got jokes Black.”

There’s a short line this time before they get to another person with a clipboard. A blond girl, with freckles and a giant smile.

“Hey guys, what’re your names?” her eyes bounce between the pair of them, pausing on Regulus. “Sorry, have we already met?” She squints at him.

Regulus does his best not to grimace, this is already feeling forebodingly familiar. “No.”

She chews on her bottom lip. “Huh, weird. Alright well, names?”

“Regulus Black,” he spits it out before he can start stuttering like an idiot again.

The girl’s eyes go wide as she drops her clipboard, snapping her fingers. “Yes! That’s it! You look just like Sirius—Dorcas! Hey babe, I found Sirius’s twin!”

“Pretty sure James is upstairs Mar,” a dark skinned girl with a shaved head and chunky purple glasses walks up to them.

“No, like his actual twin.”

The new girl—Dorcas—stops in her tracks when she sees Regulus. “Oh shit.”

“Right?” Mar is practically bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet. “Uncanny no?”

Dorcas steps closer, taking her glasses off and then putting them back on again, Regulus fidgeting under the scrutiny. He feels too hot, and like he doesn’t know who to look at or what expression he’s supposed to be wearing and his arms are also starting to get really tired from the stuff he’s holding. Cerci presses lightly into his side. She’s probably about to say something—rescue him again. This is why he needs her here. He has absolutely no fucking clue what to do with all these people.

“Are you sure that isn’t actually Sirius?” Dorcas asks finally.

“It’s his brother,” Cerci interrupts, drawing the girls’ eyes towards her.

“Brother?” Dorcas says at the same time that Mar goes: “Oh, the last name makes a lot of sense now.”

Dorcas pulls back to look at her. “His last name is Black and you didn’t make that connection?”

Mar rolls her eyes. “I got distracted.”

“By?”

“His face! He’s wearing Sirius’s face!”

Figures. That even Regulus’s face would belong to Sirius.

Now it’s Dorcas’s turn to roll her eyes, turning to Regulus. “Sorry about her—“

“Hey!”

“But you do look a crazy amount like him. Even for brothers.”

“Sirius is taller.”

That voice is new. All of them turn towards a third girl, leaning against the wall. She’s wearing all black, from her boots to the scarf covering her head, and She's eyeing Regulus in a way that makes him squirm. Like she can see right through him.

“Huh,” Mar turns back to him. “Yeah, you might be right.”

And isn’t that just a metaphor for his whole life. A shorter Sirius Black. Never quite measuring up. Literally.

Hilarious.

“Can I get my room number and like, key or whatever?” he adjusts the bags in his arms.

Mar’s eyes go wide. “Oh! Yeah! Wow, sorry, I’m all over the place.” She turns to the folding table behind her, grabbing an envelope and a tote bag full of stuff. “Your room’s on the third floor, number 302, keycards in here,” she shakes the envelope. “And this,” she holds up the tote with an excited grin. “Is your Frosh package.”

“Er—thanks—maybe just, put it on top,” he shakes the stuff in his arms.

“Right, you got it.”

“Great,” he grunts. “Okay, well, I’m just gonna…go…” he starts walking towards the front doors—or at least he hopes he does, he can’t really see over the stuff in his arms.

“See you around baby Black!” Dorcas calls after him. 

Regulus does his best not to cringe.

 

 

Regulus and Cerci don’t talk on their way up to his room, or even when he struggles to get out his keycard, dropping half his stuff on the floor in the process. Picking it up is honestly a waste of time because as soon as Regulus is inside he just drops it all on the floor again, walking over to one of the bare beds and collapsing onto it.

“This was a mistake,” he mumbles into what is almost definitely not a clean mattress.

He feels Cerci sit on the bed next to him. “Oh come on, it wasn’t that bad.”

“You’re a dirty liar Greengrass.”

She laughs softly. “And you’re a drama queen. It was fine, it’s always awkward meeting people.”

“Especially when your brother is apparently a fucking celebrity.”

She pats his leg comfortingly. “It’s just cause it’s new. People will get over it.”

Regulus groans, flipping over so he’s on his back, staring up at the cracked ceiling. “I forgot what this was like,” he says finally.

“What what was like?”

“Existing in the same space as him.” Fucking exhausting. That’s what it’s like. Regulus groans again. “This was a mistake.”

Cerci rolls her eyes, getting off the bed and offering him her hand. “It’s going to be fine, you want to see him, remember? You miss him. Now get up so we can get the rest of your crap.”

Reluctantly, Regulus takes her hand. 

That’s the thing about Sirius.

He does miss him.

He’s been missing him for years.

But that doesn’t make it any less difficult to stand in his shadow.

 

 

It doesn’t take them long to bring the rest of Regulus’s things up. It's not as though he has much. A few clothes. Laundry basket. And—

“Holy shit, what did you pack a whole library?” Cerci huffs, as she drops a box full of books onto the floor by his bed.

“I tried. Dad wouldn’t let me take his first editions, though.”

Cerci gives him a look, her face flush and sweaty from the last few runs up and down the stairs. “That is both the most obnoxious and nerdiest thing I have ever heard you say.”

Regulus laughs, the pair both collapsing back onto his bed. “Moving is terrible.”

“Agreed.”

“Lets never do it again.”

Cerci snorts. “What’re you just gonna live in this dorm room for the rest of your life?”

“Sure, why not? It’s got all the basics.”

“The basics?”

“A roof, a floor, walls—“

“Wow the bar’s really high for you isn’t it?”

“What can I say, I’m a simple man.“

Cerci makes a disbelieving noise, looking as though she’s going to say more when there is the unmistakable sound of a keycard unlocking the door. By the time Regulus has lifted himself up onto his elbows a tall, buff, blond boy is pushing his way into the room.

The boy drops his bags inside the door, blowing out a breath as he runs a hand over his face, lifting his baseball cap up and then placing it back down before he catches Regulus’s eye. His face instantly breaks into a friendly smile.

“Sup roomie.”

Regulus isn’t quite able to manage a reply. It’s not that he hadn’t known, somewhere in the back of his mind, that he was going to have a roommate. It’s just that he had tried very, very hard to forget that fact. To postpone the inevitable panic that he was now feeling at this moment.

“I’m Evan,” the boy leans over all the stuff now covering their floor and extends a very large, tanned, hand to Regulus.

“Er—“ he awkwardly pulls himself the rest of the way up. “Regulus.”

The blond boy arches his brow. “Regulus? Never heard that one before. Very cool,” his eyes drift over to Cerci. “Hey, Evan,” again he extends his hand.

“Cerci,” she smiles when she shakes it, clearly amused.

“Damn, two for two eh? Where are y’all from? Like…New York?” he picks his bags up and throws them down at the foot of the other bed.

“Why New York?” Cerci asks.

Evan shrugs, tossing them a smile over his shoulder as he starts to unpack. “Just seems like the sort of place where people might be called Cerci and Regulus.”

“I’m gonna take that as a compliment.”

“You should,” he winks at her.

When Evan smiles you can see freckles dancing across his cheeks and nose, eyes bright blue. He looks like some sort of cartoon version of a boy. Like he belongs on a nineties sitcom or an advert for hair gel. Very wholesome. Very all-American. It makes Regulus instantly wary. He’s met boys like this before.

“So, are you two a thing then?”

Evan’s question snaps Regulus out of his thoughts, Cerci snorting beside him.

“No,” she says bluntly. “Not even a little bit.”

“Alright, jeez,” Regulus grumbles. “Try not to sound too excited about it.”

“Aw did I hurt your feelings?” she makes a little pouty face and Regulus shoves his hand into it, pushing her down onto the bed. Cerci giggles, eventually fighting him off.

When Regulus looks up again he finds Evan leaning back against the desk on his side of the room, slight smile on his face.

“Well that’s good news bro, we can be each other’s wingmen huh?” he holds out his fist which Regulus stares at for a solid five seconds too long before realizing he’s supposed to bump it.

He does.

It’s incredibly uncomfortable.

“We’ll work out a system yeah?” Evan says as he returns to his unpacking.

“A system?”

“Y’know,” he waves his hand vaguely in the air. “A way for me to let you know when I’ve got someone over and vice versa, so we don’t get in one another’s way.” He walks over to his closet, unceremoniously dumping a pile of clothes inside before shutting the door. Regulus isn’t sure why Evan bothered taking his clothes out of his bag if that’s all he was planning to do with them, but he figures that is probably one of those comments better kept to himself.

“If we have someone over?” he looks at Cerci who is definitely trying to communicate something to him with her eyes but he isn’t getting it. “Sorry did you—should I not have brought someone over before asking you? She was helping me move so—”

“What? No,” Evan laughs. “I meant like over over, y’know?”

Regulus does not.

“You just repeated the same word twice.”

Evan gives him a bemused look before his eyes slide over to Cerci and Regulus feels hot shame course through him. He knows that expression. The one people make when he’s missed something. Done something odd. Or awkward.

“He’s talking about sex,” Cerci says bluntly. It’s one of the many things Regulus has always appreciated about her.

“Oh,” Regulus says flatly, ears still burning. “Understood. Fine, yeah, system would be great.”

Not that Regulus sleeps with people very often.

Or ever.

The idea of being that close to someone, that intimate, trusting them that much—makes his skin crawl.

Plus, it doesn’t help that he’s still functionally in the closet. I mean, technically he came out, a suggestion from his therapist—should have been his first clue that it was a bad idea—but he pretty promptly slid back in. You think you can’t take something like that back, but with enough self-denial anything is possible.

“Well,” Cerci elbows him, “should we start unpacking? Then we can head over to mine and—“

But at that moment the door is flung open for the second time, and Regulus swears if he somehow has a third roommate he is grabbing all his stuff and going back home. But then he sees a familiar head of long dark hair, and a pair of twinkling grey eyes.

“Sirius,” he breathes, his brother grinning at him as he walks into the room.

A second later Regulus is off the bed and launching himself into his brother’s arms, the pair of them teetering a bit with the force of the hug. Sirius grips him just as fiercely. “Hey Reg,” he says softly.

Sirius calls. He video chats. But the truth is, he hasn’t really been home since he left the first time. Before Cerci, Sirius was the only person who ever really understood Regulus, who never looked at him like Evan just had. The only person Regulus felt genuinely at ease around.

“Holy shit,” Evan says as the pair of them finally pull apart, Sirius keeping his arm over Regulus’s shoulders. “You’re Sirius Black.”

Sirius turns to him, megawatt smile plastered on his face that looks somehow both genuine and mocking at the same time.

“Only on my good days.”

Evan has a few inches on Sirius and yet somehow he’s still managing to give off the impression that he’s looking up at him. But then, Sirius has always had that effect on people.

“I’m Evan—Evan Rosier, I’m gonna be playing with you—well, hopefully.”

“No shit,” they do a sort of half-handshake half-handslap thing that Regulus doesn’t entirely understand. “What position?”

“I’m a D-man,” Regulus is pretty sure Evan puffs his chest out a little. Sirius’s eyes running over him appreciatively, no doubt taking in his height and size.

“Nice, we could use more defence. Pete’s a good goalie but he can’t do it all on his own. Speaking of hockey,” Sirius gets a dangerous look in his eyes. “You guys meet your RA yet?”

Regulus has no idea what that has to do with hockey. “Er no? Should we have?”

But Sirius only squeezes his shoulder before pulling away. “Perfect. This is gonna be brilliant,” he starts towards the door. “It’s the whole reason I got you moved.”

“You got me moved?” Regulus demands, anxiety spiking. He hates making a scene, calling attention to himself, asking favours. All the things Sirius can’t help but do. The idea that people think he requested to be placed in a specific dorm makes his stomach squirm. 

“Yes, now come—you too Evan and…” Sirius’s voice trails off as his eyes land on Cerci. “I don’t believe we’ve met?”

She smirks at him. “Not officially, no. I’m Cerci.”

Sirius’s face brightens. “No shit, Cerci Greengrass, we meet at last.”

“Regulus has told you good things I hope?”

“The best,” Sirius gives her a wink that has Regulus rolling his eyes.

“Where is it you’re taking us Sirius?” he interrupts.

Sirius blinks. “Huh? Oh—yeah, right, it’s a surprise,” he steps out into the hallway, holding the door open for them. “Well, come on, lets go. Allonsy, vite, vite.” He gestures impatiently.

Evan instantly drops what’s in his hands, following Sirius’s orders enthusiastically, Regulus coming up behind him slightly more wary. “What’re you up to?” he asks as he reaches his brother.   

Sirius gasps. “Me? Up to something? You wound me.”

Regulus gives him a flat look but Sirius only smiles as he lets the door close behind Cerci, starting off down the hall at a brisk pace. “Keep up children!” he sings over his shoulder.

Evan and Sirius seem to naturally fall into step with one another, already talking about potential strategies for the upcoming season and what Evan should expect going in. Regulus attempts to tune them out. He misses playing. He was never, perhaps, quite as fanatical about it as Sirius but…he’d been good at it. And it had been…easier, to connect with people, on the ice. When they all had a shared goal. When he knew who was on his team and who wasn’t.

He sometimes thinks life would be much simpler if everyone was wearing jerseys. At least then you’d know who you could trust.

“Hey,” Cerci says quietly as they walk past the common room that divides the floor in two. “You alright?”

Regulus makes sure to smile at her when he says; “Yeah, totally, just…y’know, it’s a lot.” Eyes going to the back of Sirius’s head.

“Alright comrades,” Sirius stops in front of one of the dorm rooms. “May I introduce to you, captain of the Godric Gryffins, RA for Gryffindor Tower, and all round swell guy—“ he looks at Evan who seems to understand what is expected of him immediately, slapping his thighs to create a drumroll. “Jaaammeeesss-mother-fucking-Pottterrrrr.”

Sirius kicks the door hard, causing it to fly open, revealing a room very similar to Regulus’s except that it only has one bed instead of two, and standing in the middle of it, looking something between shocked and annoyed, is a boy with brown skin and wild hair who is, distressingly, shirtless. Regulus’s eyes instantly drop to the floor, cheeks heating up.

“For fuck’s sake Sirius! I told you to stop doing that, I swear—“ he freezes, noticing the other three people for the first time. “Uh…have you brought a tour group to my room?” and then. “Wait—are they letting you lead tours now? What’re they trying to traumatize the frosh?”

Sirius snorts, waltzing into the room and unceremoniously plopping himself down on the bed like he owns the place. “I brought you some of your most important constituents,” Sirius gestures to them as they tentatively file in behind him.

James rolls his eyes. “I’m an RA Sirius, not a politician.”

Sirius puts his hands under his chin and bats his lashes. “Well if you were a politician you’d have my vote.”

“Flattery will get you nowhere Black.”

“I have twenty years of experience that say otherwise.” 

Regulus is still staring at the floor. It’s not that he’s never seen James Potter before, he has. In the background of video calls, or in pictures with Sirius. And yes, sure, he had had some fleeting thought then that James Potter was attractive, though it was largely overpowered by the feeling that James Potter was replacing him. The brother that Sirius wanted. That he always should have had. But seeing James Potter in person is another experience entirely. And seeing James Potter shirtless…  

“James, may I introduce you to the gang—that one’s Evan Rosier, he’s gonna be our new D-man.”

Regulus thinks Evan might actually be blushing, rubbing the back of his neck in an “aw shucks” motion. He wonders if Evan’s “sweet farm boy” routine is genuine or if under it all he’s actually the asshole he looks like.

James steps forward, giving Evan the same approving look Sirius had. “Rosier, eh? What did they call you back home?”

Evan sputters for a moment as though surprised to have been asked a question. “Rosy.”

Sirius makes an excited noise from the bed. “Rosy!”

“Do you like it?” James asks, looking at him thoughtfully. “We could make Roz work too.”

“Really James?” Sirius wrinkles his nose. “You would take Roz over Rosy?”

“I’m just saying, we have options.”

“Disagree.”

Evan gives them a smile—his teeth irritatingly straight and white. “I like Rosy.”

Sirius makes another pleased noise, James giving Evan an exasperated look. “Careful not to spoil him. He’s like a dog—feed him from the table one time and he’ll never leave you alone.”

“Did you just call me a dog?”

James looks at Sirius over his shoulder. “I meant it as a compliment.”

“For some reason I find that hard to believe.” 

Cerci leans into Regulus’s side and whispers: “Sorry, I’m so lost, what is happening?”

“It’s a hockey thing,” Regulus whispers back. “Hockey players are big on nicknames.”

Cerci makes an “oh” shape with her mouth and then: “Is the dog thing also about hockey?”

Regulus bites the inside of his cheek to keep his smile from getting too big. “No, pretty sure that’s all them,” he nods at Sirius and James.

“Would you—stop distracting me—I haven’t finished giving my wonderful introductions,” Sirius says, shoving James off as he tries to pet him. James laughs, making something in Regulus’s chest wiggle. He presses down on his sternum like he can make it stop.

“Sorry,” James coughs, trying to return some element of composure to his voice. “Go on then.”

“Thank you. Now, where was I?” Sirius looks back at them. “Ah, yes, the pretty one in the middle is Cerci.”

“I’m not technically one of your constituents,” Cerci says with a smirk. “But you’re probably gonna be seeing a lot of me because of this one,” she elbows Regulus who isn’t sure where to look. Making eye contact with James seems too intense but looking away too rude, so his gaze ends up hovering somewhere around James’s shoulder.

“Regulus Black,” James smiles at him. “In the flesh.”

And before Regulus can stop himself he hears himself say; “Not as much flesh as you. I feel overdressed.”

James’s eyes widen and then dart down to his torso, as though he’s only just realizing that he isn’t wearing a shirt. How nice for him. 

“Sorry—I uh—“ James starts rummaging through his room, looking, presumably, for something to wear. “I got sweaty helping some people move-in and I was in the middle of changing when someone kicked my door open.” He gives Sirius a pointed look.

“Wow, who would do that? What an asshole,” Sirius gasps.

James pulls a shirt out of a pile of laundry in the corner—it’s red with the gold outline of the Godric mascot on the front. Regulus doesn’t realize how intently he’s watching until James’s eyes flick up and stumble right into his.

Once, when he’d been on the ice, Regulus had gotten slammed into the boards, the impact so hard that for a moment his whole body had felt paralyzed. He couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t think, his chest a black hole—sucking everything in and letting nothing go.

Inhale.

Inhale.

Inhale.

Like he would never get enough air again. 

That's what it feels like. Being looked at by James Potter. A punch to the gut.

“Hey! Earth to Regulus?” Sirius snaps his fingers in Regulus’s direction and suddenly the world speeds up again. The room coming back into focus. The people. The noise outside the window and in the hall.

James looks away.

“What? Sorry?” Regulus struggles to get his concentration back, looking down at his brother who’s still sprawled across the bed.

Sirius gives him a weird look but doesn’t ask any questions. “We’re going out tonight, to celebrate the start of term. There’ll be a bunch of people, you should come,” and then, looking at Cerci and Evan; “All three of you. The more the merrier.”

“Wish I could,” Evan says, sounding genuinely broken up about it. “But my parents are still in town and if I skip out on family dinner my mum will never forgive me.”

“Aw, Rosy are you a big mama’s boy like Prongs here?” Sirius asks, kicking at James’s legs. James swipes at him—trying to cuff the back of his head—but Sirius rolls out of the way, sitting up on the other side of the mattress looking far too pleased with himself.

Regulus expects Evan to be embarrassed but he isn’t. “Oh yeah, big time. My mom’s like… the greatest.”

Something twists in Regulus’s stomach. The weight of a hand gripping his shoulder.

Don’t let me down.

He looks over at Sirius but his brother doesn’t react. Expression neutral. “Well, if you’re done early you can stop by.” He turns back to Reg now, brow raised in question. Regulus fidgets. He’s tired and the last thing he wants to do is spend the night with a bunch of people who don’t know him and will only feel obligated to talk to him because he’s Sirius’s little brother.

“He’ll be there,” Cerci answers before he gets a chance.

He turns to her, eyes wide with betrayal, but she isn’t even looking at him.

“Will I?” he asks tensely.

“Yup!”

“Great,” Sirius seems genuinely excited. “I can introduce you to the rest of the boys and like, the whole crew—it’ll be fun.”

Regulus does his best to manage a smile. “Awesome.”

 

 

“You know,” Regulus hisses when they walk out of the dorm room fifteen minutes later. “I don’t remember giving you permission to speak for me.”

Cerci rolls her eyes. “You were going to say no.”

“Of course I was going to say no!”

“What? Why would you say no?”

Both Cerci and Regulus turn to Evan, having somehow forgotten he was still there.

“It doesn’t matter,” Regulus dismisses him after a brief pause. “I can say no if I want to.”

“Do you want to?” Cerci asks suspiciously. “Do you actually want to say no Regulus? Or are you just too afraid to say yes?”

“Ooh, that’s a good point,” Evan says unhelpfully.

Regulus glares at the pair of them. “It’ll go terribly.”

“No it won’t.”

“I’m shit at small talk.”

“So don’t make any,” she leans into him. “Talk big Regulus. You’re very good at that.”

He sighs, scrubbing at his face. “Fine. Fine! But just know that I’m sticking to you all night.”

A slightly guilty expression flickers across Cerci’s face that Regulus does not find remotely comforting. 

“What?” he asks flatly.

She gives him a tight smile. “See, okay, here’s the thing. I kinda—“ but at that moment her phone starts to ring. She pulls it out of her pocket and glances down at the screen. “Ooh, give me a sec okay?”

She moves a few paces down the hall. “Hello?” she answers, turning away from them. Evan and Regulus stop walking and Regulus is hit with the sudden realization that this is the first moment that the two of them have actually been on their own together. It is just as painfully uncomfortable as he was worried it would be.

He shifts his weight back and forth between his feet and stares after Cerci, silently begging her to finish her call quickly.

“So,” Evan says, not sounding remotely bothered by the awkward silence between them. “Your brother seems cool.”

Regulus nods. It’s an apt description of Sirius. “Yeah, he is.”

“He’s been drafted by the Red Wings, right?”

Regulus shakes his head, fidgeting. “Dunno.” They don’t talk about hockey much. Mostly because every time Sirius tries Regulus quickly changes the subject. He suddenly feels guilty. He vaguely remembers Sirius mentioning the draft but he can’t remember any specifics.

“Man that’s sick. Do you play?”

An unwelcome ache. “Used to.”

He isn’t looking at Evan. Evan who is the opposite of him in every way—big and strong and easy going. Regulus doesn’t trust him. Doesn’t trust anyone that happiness comes easily to.

“Potter seemed cool too.”

Regulus really wishes Evan would stop trying to talk to him. Really wishes Cerci would get off her phone and assure him that she isn’t going to abandon him tonight. Really wishes his anxiety would give it a rest. There’s no need for him to feel like scratching off his own skin. Nothing is wrong.

Don’t let me down.

“Why do you think they call him Prongs?” Evan is still rambling on.

“No idea.” Regulus’s teams always called him “Junior”. He assumes it’s because it was catchier than “knock-off Sirius”.

“You know, if you go to this thing tonight you might get to talk to him.”

Regulus blinks, a cold feeling dripping down his spine. It’s an innocuous statement but something about Evan’s tone makes him feel uneasy. He finally tears his eyes away from Cerci’s back to look at his roommate. Evan is leaning against the wall, arms crossed over his chest, expression unreadable.

“What?” Regulus finally asks.

Evan shrugs. “It just seemed like…” he wobbles his head from side to side. “Like maybe you might want that. To talk to him more.”

The cold under Regulus’s skin turns to ice.

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

Evan’s eyes go wide, apparently somehow he missed all the other warning signs that Regulus was not enjoying this particular line of questioning. His hands instantly come up in surrender.

“Woah—no—hey, I just—you know, maybe I was wrong. I didn’t mean anything by it, I swear.”

Regulus feels vaguely sick, trying to get his breathing under control as he turns back to Cerci, fists clenched. Regulus welcomes the awkward silence this time. Grateful for it even. Unfortunately, it turns out Evan Rosier doesn’t know when to let something drop.

“But if…if you did wanna talk to him more…that wouldn’t be a problem…for me.”

Regulus grinds his teeth, running through everything he did and said in that dorm room. He hadn’t thought he was that obvious. Had Sirius noticed? Cerci mustn’t have, or she would have said something the second they were out the door.

He wants to ask Evan what tipped him off, but that would be admitting too much. So instead he says: “I find it hard to believe—you not having a problem with it.”

Evan’s brows draw together, genuinely confused. “What? Why?”

Regulus looks him dead in the eye this time. “You’re a hockey player.” Regulus really had felt more himself on the ice. On a team. He knew the script in a locker room. What to say, how to act. Sometimes that had meant cutting off parts of himself and hiding them away. And he’d done it willingly. Honestly, he’s never stopped. 

Something hurt flickers across Evan’s face. He doesn’t bother trying to hide it, doesn’t seem to know how. A skill someone like him—big, intimidating, beautiful—has likely never had to learn.

“I’m a bit more than a hockey player, believe it or not,” his voice is cold.

No,

that’s not right.

It’s brittle.

Like something that Regulus could break.

It takes him by surprise, and his mouth is still soundlessly opening and closing—trying to find a reply—when Cerci walks back over to them.

“Oof, sorry about that, it was my dad. Wanted to make sure I didn’t crash the car. Not sure why he’s so worried, I’m an excellent driver.”

Neither Regulus nor Evan say anything, both stiff, avoiding eye contact. Regulus can feel Cerci looking between them.

“Uh, sorry, did I miss something?”

“No,” Regulus says, Evan making a vague noise of agreement.

“I’m gonna head back,” Evan says suddenly, pushing off the wall, still not looking at them. “See you guys later, yeah?” he gives them a delicate smile before turning towards their room with his head down.

There’s a beat.

“He does know we’re also going back to the room right?” Cerci asks, eventually.

Regulus lets out a breath, running his hand through his hair. “I think I might have fucked up.”

She turns to him, brow arched. “Literally, how? That kid is like the easiest person to get along with. He’s a golden retriever in human form.”

“You don’t know that, we only just met him,” Regulus says bitterly, which makes Cerci scoff.

“Please. He’s such a fucking puppy I’m surprised he doesn’t lick the faces of everyone he meets.”

Regulus wrinkles his nose. “Is that supposed to be a compliment?”

“Forget it. What the hell did you say to him?”

“I don’t know!

“Can you just,” he goes on, feeling weary. “Promise me you’re not going to leave me alone tonight?”

There’s that guilty look again.

“Fuck.”

 

 

Turns out, horror of all horrors, Cerci has already found herself a job. First training shift tonight. Regulus offered to pay her to go to the bar with him instead but she seemed to think that was not a long term solution.

“You wanna be my sugar daddy?”

“Will that get you to go to the bar with me?”

She’d laughed at that. He doesn’t know why. He absolutely was not joking.

Now Regulus is standing outside an unassuming building—brick with an iron sign that reads Leaky Cauldron in blinking letters. As the sky grows progressively darker the windows start to glow and Regulus keeps telling himself that he’s going to go inside. Any minute now.

He doesn’t know what it is he’s afraid of exactly. He wishes he did. Maybe if he could name it he could…fix it. He closes his eyes, exhaling. His therapist has given him coping strategies for moments like this but he can never remember them. Or if he can, outside the office, in the real world, they suddenly feel so stupid. So pointless. Flimsy shields in a world that’s so fucking sharp.

After another minute he opens his eyes and grits his teeth, forcing himself forward.

It’ll be okay.

It’ll be okay.

It’ll definitely, possibly, maybe be okay.

It’s loud and dark inside. Crowded—with people at booths and tables and floating everywhere in between. There’s a small dance floor on the other end of the long room near the bar but no one appears to be dancing. The whole space has the air of something a little warn down but much loved.

Immediately Regulus feels uncomfortable, standing inside the door, not sure exactly where to go or how to act. This was a stupid idea. He shouldn’t have come. He should go back. He should—

“Regulus!”

Over by the bar Regulus sees a large group of people, Sirius in the centre, waving aggressively at him.

“Fuck,” he hisses, before starting off towards his brother, wiping his sweaty palms on his pants. Getting to him seems to take forever and Regulus can’t help but feel like people are looking at him, like he isn’t walking normally. Are his arms always this stiff? What does he usually do with his hands? Should he be looking at Sirius or somewhere else?

“Reg!” Sirius drops his beer on the bar and reaches through the crowd surrounding him, pulling Regulus in. It’s hot, the summer heat not yet gone, and Sirius is sweaty and smells like alcohol—clearly already well on his way to drunk. It’s everything that Regulus hates and yet…it’s been so long since he's been able to hug his brother.

It wasn’t until Sirius left that Regulus realized how much of the warmth in that house was Sirius’s. Until he realized that the only person who ever really held him was his brother. He’s been a little touched starved ever since if he’s being honest.

Sirius pulls back, swinging his arm across Regulus’s shoulders and maneuvering him to his side so he can see the people gathered around them. Regulus notices that James isn’t there and tells himself that he isn’t disappointed.

“Alright, this is the gang—Marlene, Dorcas,” he points to the two girls Regulus signed-in with that morning.

“Good to see you again baby Black,” Dorcas gives him a smile, her arm wrapped around Marlene’s waist. Regulus stares at it for a minute before looking away.

“Wow you were right Mary, he is shorter,” Marlene says, eyes bouncing back and forth between Regulus and Sirius. He wishes she would stop. The comparison always makes him  uneasy—like next to Sirius all his flaws become more blatantly obvious. Mary, the third girl from this morning, doesn’t speak, just eyes him from across the circle.

“There’s also Pete,” Sirius goes on, looking around. “Hey Pete! Pete! My brother’s here, you have to meet my brother!” Sirius hollers at the back of head a few feet over.

“Sirius it’s fine,” Regulus says quietly, too quietly for this bar, though Sirius still manages to hear him.

“Is not, he needs to meet you. Give me a second.”

“Sirius—“ but it’s no use, Sirius has already taken off, leaving Regulus feeling mortified and suddenly unsure of whether or not he’s supposed to stay where he is or follow after his brother. The girls seem to have fallen into their own conversation, not cutting Regulus out but not really speaking to him either.

He’s considering just running away when he receives a light tap on his shoulder. He turns to see a boy with shaggy sand coloured hair. He smiles at Regulus.

“Hi, I’m Remus,” his voice is a little off—a bit thick, the sounds not quite what Regulus is expecting. He isn’t sure if he’s drunk or if he has an accent. Regulus doesn’t realize that he’s just staring at him until the other boy arches his brow.

“This is usually when you introduce yourself. Though to be fair, I guess I already know who you are, so maybe that is a bit redundant.”

Regulus blinks, face quickly growing hot. “Shit—shit I’m sorry. I’m Regulus.” Remus gives him a bemused smile, tilting his head to the side.

“You’re not what I was expecting.”

Regulus tries and fails not to grimace. “I’m not Sirius you mean?”

Confusion flickers across the other boy’s face and he squints slightly. “Sorry, say that again? It’s dark in here.”

“Loud you mean?”

“If you say so.”

“I just said—you know what, never mind, it’s not important.“

Remus is still squinting at him, mouth opening like he’s about to object when—

“And voilà!” Sirius cuts-in, dragging a short blond haired boy in a horrifically patterned shirt behind him. “This is Peter.”

“I can walk on my own you know, Jesus,” says the boy who is presumably named Peter.

“As if, you’ll get lost. Little lost Petey. Remember that time me and James had to collect you from the customer service desk at Wal-Mart?” Sirius is giggling now.

“Fuck off.”

“They had to call us over the intercom and everything. Like we were your parents.”

“Fuck. Off.”

“It was adorable.”

Peter now looks at Regulus for the first time. “He’s forgotten the part where we ate a shit ton of brownies before we went. I was high out of my mind.”

Regulus has literally no idea what to say to any of that but Peter doesn’t give him much of chance to respond anyway, eyes quickly skipping over him to the boy behind him.

“Remus!”

“Remus!?” Sirius echoes, looking up and instantly brightening. “Remus!” he launches himself forward, engulfing Remus in a huge hug, not unlike the one he gave Regulus earlier.

“Hey Sirius,” Remus pats his back fondly. “How drunk are you?”

Sirius pulls back, pouting, but he doesn’t speak. Instead he starts gesturing with his hands in small, smooth movements.

Regulus blinks, confused. His confusion growing when Remus answers back in the same way.

“Are you…using sign language?” Regulus asks when his brain finally catches up with his eyes. And then, to Sirius: “Since when do you know sign language?”

“What?” Sirius looks at him, and then his eyes widen. “Oh! Reg, this is Remus,” Regulus notices that he’s still signing.

“Yes…” Regulus says slowly, eyes bouncing between the two of them. “We’ve met.”

“Lucky you, Remus is the best.”

“Yeah but why…” he trails off, gesturing to Sirius's hands. 

“Oh,” Sirius says eventually. “Oh, you mean why—Remus is deaf, didn’t he mention that?” he turns to Remus. “Didn’t you mention that?”

Remus rolls his eyes, “We’d only just started talking when you attacked us.”

It’s a bit odd to watch them speaking alongside their hands. Like watching a movie with subtitles.

Sirius gasps. “Attack? I didn’t attack you. I was delivering you Peter!” He reaches over and musses Peter’s hair, the shorter boy smacking his hand away.

“But how can you be deaf?” Regulus interrupts, realizing how stupid the question is the minute the words are out of his mouth and hoping the bar is dark enough that no one can see him blushing.

"How can he be deaf?" Sirius repeats. Remus's eyes bounce from Sirius's hands to Regulus's face. He arches his brow.

“Do you want a full medical history or…?”

“No, sorry, no I just meant—“ Regulus exhales, he’s fucking this up. “Just—I’m not—how can you understand me?”

“Ah,” Remus says. “Lip reading. Though mostly I’m just really good at guessing.”

Regulus doesn’t know if that last bit is a joke and he sure as hell isn’t going to ask. Sirius laughs, but Sirius’ll laugh at anything.

“Regular lip expert our Moony, isn’t that right?” Sirius swings a little belligerently into Remus’s space and though the blond’s expression remains blank his ears start to turn red.

After a second or two Remus clears his throat. “Your hands are getting sloppy. Probably time to get you some water huh?” Remus looks very pointedly past Sirius to Peter who nods.

“Got it,” he says, before heading for the bar.

Sirius frowns. “I’m not drunk,” and then, turning to Regulus. “I’m not drunk.”

Regulus doesn’t say anything because he’s not sure what the rules are here. Is there some kind of brother code that obliges him to back Sirius up? Or is he supposed to make sure Sirius gets sober? Except, if that’s the case, Remus seems to have it under control, snaking his arm around Sirius’s waist and holding him steady. Regulus feels something like jealousy tug on his gut. Remus can read Sirius so well, seems to know what he needs and how to take care of him. Regulus doesn’t know any of that stuff. Everything he knows about Sirius is years old.

There’s some excited noises behind them and Regulus turns around just in time to see Marlene launching herself at a red haired girl, the pair laughing and rocking back and forth. And just behind them—

“JAMES!”

Sirius shouts so loudly that Regulus winces. James isn’t tall, but he’s taller than Sirius and Regulus. Skin a rich brown, eyes bright, lopsided grin hanging from his mouth as he walks towards them. Regulus’s heart does a pathetic little skip when James stops beside him, laughing.

“How sozzled is he?”

He signs too, Regulus notices, though he finds it hard to believe that there’s a sign for “sozzled”. It’s impressive honestly, how naturally they all seem to fall into it.

“I’m not!” and then: “And youuu’reeee late!”

“Mhm.” James leans into Regulus and he can feel the heat of him even through the layers of clothes between them. “Your brother’s a lightweight,” he whispers, sending chills down Regulus’s spine.

He swallows with some difficulty. “I gathered,” he’s impressed by how steady his voice sounds. James snorts as he pulls away, leaving Regulus cold.

“Here,” Peter reappears with a plastic cup in hand.

“Thanks Pete,” Remus says as he takes it from him.

“Course.”

Regulus notices the way Peter makes sure Remus can see his face. Doesn’t turn his head or speak when Remus isn’t looking.

“Hey, what’s going on?”

The redhead Marlene had been hugging slides up to James’s other side.

“Oh you know,” James says with a sigh. “Same old same old.”

“Sirius getting drunk off two ciders?”

“Hey!” Sirius chimes in, Remus grabbing his water before Sirius can fling it across the room. “I’ll have you know it was three.”

The redhead laughs. “Well, consider me chastened.”

“I fucking will. Also, good to see you Evans, you’re looking especially freckly today.”

Regulus feels his eyes widen, certain Sirius is about to get shouted at. But the girl only laughs.

“Thank you, I’ve been cultivating them all summer just for you.”

“Much appreciated.”

As Sirius turns back to Remus, she says to James in a lower voice: “I’ve missed him.”

James snorts. “You saw him a week ago.”

But she only shrugs. It’s then that James’s gaze comes back to Regulus and he quickly drops his eyes, embarrassed to have been caught eavesdropping. Though technically he was the one standing here first.

“Oh shit, you guys haven’t met yet have you?” James says. The girl leans forward, looking at Regulus around James.

“No we haven’t. You must be the famous Regulus Black.” She smiles at him and he hopes he smiles back.

“Just Regulus is fine.”

She smirks. “Just Regulus it is then.”

 “And this is the sensational—“

“Sensational? Really? That’s what you’re going with?”

“Astounding? Otherworldly? Awe inspiring? Any of those doing it for you?”

She shrugs. “I just feel like it isn’t your best work.”

James laughs, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and pulling her into his side, kissing the top of her head. “This is just Lily then.”

She rolls her eyes but goes up on her toes and kisses him properly.

It’s stupid for Regulus to feel anything. He only met James earlier today, what exactly did he think would happen? There aren’t enough timelines or galaxies or alternate universes in the whole of reality to get Regulus Black and James Potter together. It’s too ridiculous to even be a fantasy. So why Regulus suddenly feels like he’s just had cold water poured over him he has no idea.

“Regulus?”

Regulus blinks, suddenly realizing James is looking at him.

“You okay?”

He has no idea what his face is doing but it’s definitely something embarrassing.

“I’m—“

His phone goes off and Regulus nearly cries with relief. “Sorry,” he says, before he even bothers to look at the screen, holding the device up and giving it a little shake. “Gotta take this.”

He pulls off to the side, down a small hallway that leads to the bathrooms. That’s when he finally gets a good look at who’s calling, his stomach dropping.

“Bonsoir maman.”

“…what’s all that noise? Regulus it’s nearly one in the morning where are you?”

Regulus closes his eyes, holding back a sigh. He doesn’t point out that he’s an adult now. That he doesn’t live with her. That he can go out as late as he wants. His therapist told him to set boundaries. It always sounds so simple in that quiet room, when it’s just the two of them. But the minute he hears his mother’s voice it’s like every part of him shuts down. He turns into a little kid again, desperate to please her.

To please anyone.

“It’s just a frosh event, it’s—it’s so we can meet new people.”

“Since when do you like meeting new people?”

He flinches, glad she can’t see. She’s never liked his twitching and fidgeting. Always pointing it out, even in front of other people. To teach him a lesson. Or maybe just to punish him for not being Sirius. Or punish Sirius for not being there. Regulus is never sure which.

“Stop wasting your time and go to bed. Lucius will be expecting you at the Manor offices at eight tomorrow morning. The last thing I need is for you to show up hungover.”

“I’m not drinking maman.”

She scoffs. “You have to take this internship seriously alright? It’s not a game.”

“I know.”

There’s another frustrated noise from the other end of the phone and then a pause. Regulus doesn’t try to fill it. Hopes she’s finished.

“Are you—the drive was good?” his mother asks awkwardly.

Regulus almost laughs. “Yeah, fine.”

“Good. Have you found a therapist up there yet?”

His stomach twists. He has a list of recommendations. He was meant to set it up before he got here. He just…somehow never got around to it.

“I will.”

“You better. We don’t need another incident like last year.”

Flinch.

“There won’t be one. I promise.”

“Uh-huh, find a therapist Regulus. And take your meds. I’ll call you tomorrow alright?”

No.

“Fine.”

“Fine.”

The line goes dead and Regulus exhales, dropping his head back against the wall behind him. It's hot and he can feel his sweat soaking through his t-shirt, making the fabric stick uncomfortably to his skin. He breathes in and exhales.

One day and it already feels like too much.

He’d spent the last few weeks—few months—hell, the last few years, dreaming about this. Getting out of that house, running away to Sirius. And he’s done it. He’s finally done it. So why does everything still feel…like this?

“Hey.”

His eyes snap open and he turns his head to see James Potter slowly coming to a stop in front of him, hands in his pockets, eyes concerned.

“You okay?”

Regulus forces himself to give James a shaky smile. “Yeah. Sure. I’m all good.”

James does not look remotely convinced.

“How’s Sirius doing?” he asks before James can pry anymore. It’s clear from his expression that James knows what Regulus is doing, and Regulus can see him debating whether or not to let it go.

“He’s alright,” James says eventually, much to Regulus’s relief. “He’ll dance it off. Pretty sure Queen is coming on soon, that normally does the trick.”

Regulus is fairly certain that isn’t how alcohol works but seeing as his experience with it is minimal he doesn’t voice this opinion.

“Y’know,” James says, after a short pause, “he was so excited when you decided you were coming here.”

Regulus feels something in his chest tug. “Yeah?”

James smiles, it makes his whole face glow. “Talked about it non-stop. I mean, you’ve always been one of his top three favourite topics but boy, when he found out you were coming to Godric? It was all; I’m going to show him this, and take him here and introduce him to so and so—months I’ve been listening to him go on about it.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to say to that, feels embarrassingly choked up about it to be honest.

“Listen, I know we can be a bit much,” James goes on when Regulus still doesn’t speak, nodding his head towards the group behind them. “But we’re…y’know,” he shrugs, smile going almost shy. “We’re kinda a family. And you’re part of that now,” and then, quickly; “If you wanna be, that is.”

Regulus’s chest feels tight, and he can’t quite meet James’s eyes, doesn’t really know how to handle anything he’s saying. Doesn’t know how to handle being this close to him.

“He talks about you all the time too, you know,” is what comes out of his mouth after a long, drawn out silence.

James smiles again. “Oh yeah?”

Regulus nods, still staring more at James’s shoulder than his face. “Used to drive me nuts.”

James laughs. “Understandable.” Unlike Regulus James never drops his eyes, stare intent on Regulus the whole time. “Guess we’re pretty lucky, huh? To have someone who loves us that much.”

Regulus finally looks up, meeting James’s stare, his heart catching in his chest. He knows he needs to say something, that he’s been far too quiet throughout this exchange. But he’s not quite sure how anyone manages it—speaking to James. Not melting into a puddle at his feet.

As pathetic as it is. As much as Regulus hates it. He’s almost certain if he opens his mouth something simpering is going to come out of it. So instead he keeps it shut. But that means that they’re just standing there, in the empty hallway, staring at one another.

And Regulus should hate it.

It should feel painfully awkward.

But it doesn’t. 

A familiar cord progression comes over the bar’s speakers.

“JAMES!”

The corner of James’s mouth ticks up in a way that does terrible things for Regulus’s nerves.

“Ah, that’s my cue,” he doesn’t move though. “You wanna come? We’re all terrible dancers I have to warn you.”

Regulus thinks he smiles weakly back. “Sure, in a second, I’m just gonna use the washroom.”

“JAMES!!!”

James laughs, and Regulus thinks that wars could be stopped by the sound. “Okay, I’ll see you out there. I gotta go before Sirius gives himself an aneurism.”

He reaches over, giving Regulus’s shoulder a friendly slap before jogging off towards the dance floor. For a moment Regulus just stands there, unsure how to process any of what just happened. But eventually he moves forward, enough that he can see them. There are multicoloured lights flashing across the dance floor, Dorcas and Marlene have their hands clasped, spinning one another around. Sirius with his chin hooked over Mary’s shoulder, her back pressed to his chest, the pair of them both belting out the lyrics. Remus and Peter are standing next to the speakers, laughing. And then there’s James. He maneuvers his way to the middle of the floor, next to Sirius, Lily throwing her arms around his neck the moment she spots him, the pair grinning stupidly at each other.

Watching them all makes Regulus ache with something he can’t name. They’re just…they’re so beautiful, all of them. So young and so happy and so very very together. Their voices start to overpower the song as the music swells, shouting the lyrics into the bar like they aren’t afraid of anything or anyone.

Regulus thinks about what James said. About them being a family. And he can see it, can understand that word more just by looking at them all. Some part of him has always resented Sirius a little bit, for walking away from him. From their parents. But standing here, he can hardly blame him. Not when he had this to runaway to. And Regulus also knows, more now than ever before, that he will never be part of it.

Because they’re beautiful.

And perfect.

And full.

And he’s

he’s

inadequate.

Regulus doesn’t say goodbye. Doesn’t want to interrupt the moment. Slipping quietly out of the bar and into the street, completely unnoticed. The end of the song following him into the dark.

 

 

'Cause love's such an old-fashioned word

And love dares you to care for

The people on the edge of the night

And love dares you to change our way of

Caring about ourselves

This is our last dance

This is our last dance

This is ourselves

 

Under pressure.     

 
Notes:

    Hey! Hi! Hello!

    Idk, was that good? I kinda like it??? The end always gives me goosebumps but that is partially cause I'm just obsessed with that song.

    But I'm excited about this, I have a lot of plans, so hopefully some of you are excited too!

    Hope y'all are having a good day :)

Chapter 2
Summary:

    Pet

Notes:

    tw homophobic language (it's just right at the start)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The first boy Regulus ever had a crush on was named Christopher. Not that he let himself think the word crush or anything even remotely close to it. They were twelve, shared a locker room. A team. Sometimes he couldn’t stop himself from looking at him. Just his face. Or his hands. His eyes. Sometimes he thought Christopher was looking back.

It was the worst kind of torture.

He had wanted him painfully and earnestly and absolutely incompetently.

Of course neither of them ever did anything. Ever said anything. Though sometimes they would stand a little closer to each other than they needed to. Hug a little longer after a goal. Once or twice Christopher sat next to him on the bus, when they were going to away games. Their legs pressed to together. Even just that had felt illicit. Had felt dangerous.

Regulus still remembers the first time he heard Christopher call someone a faggot.

Still remembers the way it twisted him up inside.

According to facebook Christopher has a girlfriend now.

He isn’t sure why all this time later he’s suddenly thinking about him again. He doesn’t think it’s a good sign.

 

 

“Regulus? Regulus wake up.”

He groans, burying his face further in his arms.

“Dude, c’mon. I gotta go and if you’re not conscious before I leave this room you’re gonna be late.”

Regulus groans again, trying to shrug off the hand gripping his shoulder.

“You’re killing me here.”

There's a pause and then Regulus experiences what feels like an earthquake.

“Ahh!” he jolts awake, grabbing hold of his desk for stability.

“Finally,” Evan lets him go, moving to his side of the room and picking-up his duffle bag. Regulus blinks. It’s early morning, the sky outside a dark blue and the room glowing from Evan’s desk lamp.

“What time is it?” Regulus croaks, scrubbing at his face, feeling slightly disoriented. He doesn’t remember falling asleep.

“Five-thirty.”

“Shit, I forgot to set an alarm.”

“Yeah, I figured,” Evan is standing by the door, looking at him funny. “You need to go to sleep bro.”

“I was sleeping,” Regulus says testily, starting to pack up his notes. He’ll bring them with him to work and look at them on his lunch break.

Evan sighs. “You need to go to sleep on purpose. And like, in a bed.”

Regulus only grunts. Sleep is for people who have time. Which he does not. “Thanks for waking me up,” he says instead of acknowledging anything. “What’re you doing up so early anyway?”

He only glances at Evan briefly, scrambling to find something decent to wear. He can’t very well walk into the office in yesterday’s clothes.

“Practice. First game is coming up.”

Another grunt from Regulus. He needs to do laundry, something else he hasn’t had time for. And also, admittedly, something he’s been avoiding. He isn’t sure why it makes him feel vulnerable to have a bunch of strangers see his dirty clothes but it does. Or worse than strangers. Acquaintances. It just seems unnatural that some guy he’s waved at awkwardly in the hallway might see his underwear.

Regulus shakes his head.

These are not important thoughts right now.

Weird or not weird he needs clean fucking clothes.

“Okay, well, see you later I guess,” Evan says, sounding already half-way out the door.

“Yeah, see you.”

 

 

Regulus isn’t late for work, but it’s a near thing. Sweaty and out of breath as he slides into his tiny cubicle. He sighs, pointlessly trying to push the curls out of his face. There is no place on earth more depressing than a cubicle. Of that he is certain. If purgatory exists it looks like these three, flimsy, grey walls.

A stack of papers slam down on Regulus’s desk making him jump. The deliverer hovering over him with a scowling face and shoulder length black hair. One of the many joyous discoveries Regulus made on his first day was that the upperclassman who had been such a dick to him on move-in day is also an intern here.

“You’re late,” Severus says.

“I’m not.” Because he isn’t.

“You’re not early which means you’re late.”

That logic is fundamentally flawed, but Regulus doesn’t bother pointing that out. He’s not able to stop himself from rolling his eyes though. This kind of nitpicking is a daily occurrence. Largely due to the fact that Severus feels very strongly that Regulus doesn’t deserve to be here, and in fairness, he’s not wrong.

These internships are meant for senior undergraduate students. Regulus is the youngest person here and everyone knows it’s because of who his mother is. Regulus is not good at making friends under the best of circumstances, and this certainly isn’t helping things.

“These need to be digitized before you go on lunch,” Severus motions towards the obscene stack of papers.

“Er—okay.”

“And Lucius wants to see you in his office,” he throws over his shoulder with a sneer. “Pet.”

Regulus grimaces. It’s what the other boys in the office have started calling him—pet. He had assumed it was a shortened form of “teacher’s pet” something Regulus has, to no one’s surprise, been called before. But one of them was kind enough to inform him that it is actually because they think of him as a lapdog—small, useless and just there for show.

As soon as Severus is out of view Regulus drops his forehead onto the desk in front of him with a thud. And then bangs it a few more times just for good measure.

He doesn’t know how he’s going to stand working here for the rest of the year.

Or the next three after that.

 

 

“Yes?”

Lucius is not British. Regulus is pretty sure he’s from somewhere in the midwest—Indiana or Iowa, somewhere starting with an “i”. However, he has a tendency to speak with an entirely put-on lofty accent that makes it sound as though he wishes he were British. Like instead of being a somewhat high-up executive at a tech firm he thinks he’s Lord Grantham of Downton Abbey.

Quite frankly, Regulus is surprised he doesn’t make them all curtesy when they come into his office. 

“Morning Mr. Malfoy,” Regulus lets the door close behind him. “Severus said you wanted to see me?”

Lucius is behind a large desk, blond hair gelled back accentuating the narrowness of his face. When his eyes flick up he smiles, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “Ah yes, come, sit,” he leans back, gesturing to the chair in front of his desk.

Lucius is nice enough so Regulus can’t explain why he feels so uneasy around him. There’s just something…off. He reminds Regulus of a shark, and Regulus can’t shake the feeling that he’s being hunted.

“How’re you settling in?” Lucius asks.

“Fine,” and then, realizing that that’s probably not a sufficient answer; “Everyones been—er—very welcoming.”

Lucius chuckles. “I’m glad. I’ve been very impressed by your work so far. You are certainly your mother’s son.”

The comparison makes him feel sick. “Thank you.”

Lucius stares at him for a moment, eyes running him over before he licks his lower lip. “You know, we’ve recently taken on a new client. I’ve been assigned to oversee the business of getting their account set-up and I’ll be needing some interns to assist with the admin work. Your mother suggested you might be interested in taking on more hours?”

Regulus grinds his teeth. He absolute is not interested in that and his mother knows it. He’s already working far more than he wants to, especially considering he’s a full-time student.

“I—“

“I should tell you,” Lucius leans forward, speaking in a velvety voice that makes Regulus wince. Like drinking too-sweet tea. “Initiative goes a long way here. Showing you’re willing to take on special projects like this will really benefit you in the future.”

It’s moments like this that Regulus likes to imagine what Cerci would do if she were him. Probably tell Lucius and his special projects to go fuck themselves. Picturing it almost makes him smile.

“Your mother certainly seemed enthusiastic about the prospect of you participating.”

Yes, and that’s the problem isn’t it? If Walburga knows he turned down this opportunity she’ll be livid.

So what?

Demands the voice in his head.

It’s not as though you live with her anymore. What’s she going to do?

True, he reasons, but I’ll have to go home eventually.

Why? Sirius never did.

Yeah, but we aren’t Sirius. And if we don’t have mum and dad than who do we have?

“Regulus?”

He shakes himself. “Sorry. I um—of course I’d love the opportunity to take on some new projects.”

There’s that smile again, Regulus does his best not to shiver. “Excellent. You know, since we’ll be working closer on this, it might be best for us to exchange phone numbers, I do most of my work through my phone anyway.”

Regulus just stares at him for a moment. “You want my…personal phone number?”

Lucius arches his brow. “Do you have a work phone?”

“…no.”

“Then personal will have to do,” he holds out his hand and Regulus stares at it for a moment before realizing what he’s asking for.

“Oh, right,” his hand shakes a little as he pulls his phone out of his pocket, unlocking it and handing it over. This seems…wrong. But he also doesn’t know, he’s never worked a job like this before, so maybe it’s normal? Lucius is certainly acting like it’s normal.

“There we go,” he hands the phone back to Regulus, fingers brushing against his palm. “This will make communication between us much easier.”

Regulus swallows. “Right. Yeah, good.”

“Well, that’s all I had to say, but please feel free to let me know if there's anything you need. My door is always open," something about the look he gives Regulus then makes him squirm, but almost as soon as it's there it's gone, Lucius turning back to his computer screen. It embarrassingly takes Regulus a few more seconds before he realizes that he’s just been dismissed.

He feels awkward when he gets out of his seat, when he leaves the office. The whole interaction leaving a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. Unease sitting on his skin. But he’s never been very good with new situations. With new people. It’s probably his head making a big deal out of something that for everyone else wouldn’t matter.

Don’t let me down

He exhales.

This is fine.

He’s freaking out for no reason.

He’ll find a way to make the extra hours work.

Everything will be—

His feet stutter when he gets to his cubicle and finds the stack of papers he’s meant to digitized scattered on the floor. He hears a snort a few feet away and turns to see the other interns—a bunch of all-boys-private-school types—watching him with glee in their eyes.

“Go on pet,” says the one who appears to be the leader of the pack—Nicolai Mulciber—he has a pretty face, with blue eyes and dark hair. He looks like a doll. He’s wearing his standard uniform of polo shirt, slacks and boat shoes. “Fetch.”

There are chuckles from the other boys standing around him. Just behind them, at his desk, Regulus can see Severus. Ironic that he had such a problem with Regulus being another rich kid when he seems to be friends with the wealthiest and most entitled douchebags at the school.

Regulus takes a deep breath. He doesn’t react to Nicolai’s bating, keeping his expression as neutral as possible as he kneels down on the ground and starts picking up papers. His hands are shaking again. But at least no one can see that but him.

 

 

Regulus works through lunch so he doesn’t have time to look over his notes. Which is a problem considering he has a quiz at the end of the week. When his shift ends he leaves quickly and quietly, taking the stairs to avoid being trapped in the elevator with any of the other interns. He exhales the minute he makes it outside, feeling some of the pressure ease off his chest now that he’s out of cubicle purgatory.

He only makes it a few steps before his phone buzzes.

 

Cerci:

dinner??????!!!

 

Reg:

sorry, can’t. Need to go to the library and study

Reg:

tomorrow?

 

Cerci:

:( :( :(

 

Reg:

I’m sorry!

 

Cerci:

Fine. Tomorrow. But if you bail on me again I’m sacrificing you to the gods! 

 

Reg:

…

that might make it hard for me to have dinner with you

 

Cerci:

That’s what you think

 

Regulus snorts, shaking his head and slipping his phone back in his pocket as he heads for the subway station.

It takes him about forty-five minutes to get back to campus, the sky starting to turn deep shades of orange and pink, the sun hanging low in the sky. He walks quickly, hands in his pockets, fallen leaves fluttering around his feet with every step.

The library at Godric is honestly one of the nicer Uni libraries Regulus has ever seen. For starters, it has windows, unlike some of the concrete monstrosities at other schools. There are also a plethora of places to hide inside—tucked away tables in the stacks where no one can see you—which he’s quite fond of. He's spent a lot of time here since classes started. Not because he’s avoiding his room. He isn’t. He just…wants to be able to study without worrying about whether or not he’s being rude.

And also, if he’s being honest, it makes him nervous how easily Evan seems to be able to read him. That conversation in the hallway…it put him on edge. So he’d rather be here, by himself, with no one paying attention to him.

“Hey you!”

Regulus doesn’t look up because the only people who really talk to him are Evan and Cerci and there’s no way either of them are here. Plus, neither of them would greet him that way. There aren’t nearly enough “bros” for it to be Evan and Cerci would just insult him. He supposes there’s always Sirius, but Sirius usually says hello in some form of physical tackle. Like every social encounter is a wrestling match.

Anyway, the point is, the voice isn’t talking to him.

So he has no idea why the chair next to him is suddenly being pulled out.

“Regulus?”

He startles, highlighter dropping out of his hand as he finds James Potter suddenly beside him. With his face and everything. Well, obviously with his face but…his face is just…a lot, every time Regulus sees it. Probably talking to James would be easier without it.

“Hey,” when James smiles his cheeks get all scrunched up under his glasses.

It’s awful.

It makes Regulus want to scream.

And then it makes him want to kiss James for days.

He quickly looks back down at his notes. “Wearing a shirt I see. Special occasion?”

James snorts. “You’re really never gonna let me live that down, huh?”

“Maybe one day. Depends on how many embarrassing things you do.”

“Wow, most people don’t think shirtless me is embarrassing. Most people like shirtless me.”

“Uh-huh,” Regulus flips the page like he’s actually reading anything.

“What’re you working on?” James asks, tone reminiscent of a winging younger sibling. Which is kind of ironic really, given how they know one another.

“Statistics.”

“Lucky.”

Regulus looks up. “That is an odd reaction to have to statistics.”

“Yeah well, at least stats are like, logical.”

Regulus just keeps staring at him, because quite frankly, that answer explains nothing.

James lets out an exasperated sigh. “Okay, I'm going to tell you something, but don't laugh.”

Regulus hopes his blank expression communicates how unlikely that is.

“I might have made the mistake of taking a creative writing course.”

Regulus blinks. “Aren’t you in sports medicine or something?”

“Yes,” James says miserably. “But I need an arts credit.”

“So you decided on creative writing?”

“I thought it would be easy!”

Regulus snorts.“Oh yes. Of course. The pastime that frequently leads to madness and alcoholism. You know, I’ve often heard people say that writing a novel was the easiest thing they ever did.”

James narrows his eyes. “Okay, I think I’d rather you just laugh. That’s what Sirius did.”

“Sorry. I’ll work on finding you funny.”

Incidentally that makes James laugh, and Regulus has to look away. Has to force himself not to notice the way James’s eyes crinkle or his lips curve or his throat moves.

“Fair enough,” James says finally, when he stops with his practically pornographic joy. And in the middle of the library no less. “Anyway, I don’t need to write a novel. Not yet at least. Just a paragraph.”

“A paragraph?” Regulus asks.

“A descriptive paragraph.”

“And you can’t manage that because…?”

“It’s harder than you think!” James insists indignantly.

“Uh-huh, do you have something written?”

James pauses. “Why?”

“Let me read it.”

“Are you gonna be mean about it?”

Regulus shrugs. “That depends, is it dumb?”

“Oh definitely.”

“Then probably, yes.”

James seems to consider this for a moment, eyes running Regulus over in a way that makes him squirm, that half-smile still hanging in James’s mouth.

“Fine,” James says eventually, pulling his laptop out of his bag and sliding it over to Regulus.

Regulus is kind of surprised when he comes face to face with a Word document, he hadn’t actually been expecting James to let him read it. He’s barely made it through a single sentence when his phone buzzes on the table. One glance down tells him it’s Lucius. He feels his stomach churn and quickly goes back to reading. A few seconds later the phone buzzes again.

“Popular,” James quips. Regulus only grunts.

“You need to cut these two sentences here,” he slides the computer back over to James, pointing out the sentences in question. “Other than that it’s fine, though you might wanna try describing something you actually find interesting.”

“Hey! My hockey gear is very interesting thank you very much.”

Regulus rolls his eyes, turning back to his reading. “Not the way you write about it.”

“Wait—these sentences? These are great sentences!”

“They’re clunky.” Still not looking up, like he can pretend that James isn’t there.

“I love these sentences!”

“Yeah well, kill your darlings and all that.”

There’s a short pause and then: “What did you just say to me?”

Regulus waves his highlighter vaguely in the air. “It’s just a saying. It means that sometimes you have to cut things from your writing, even if you really like them, to service the story overall.”

Another pause. “Well that sounds fucking dumb.”

A laugh startles out of Regulus, who hadn’t been expecting that reaction. “Why?”

“Shouldn’t the whole point be that I get to do whatever I want? I’m the author, right? Shouldn’t I get to keep my darlings? Feed them? Play with them? Take them home?”

“Are we talking about literary devices or my brother?”

James snorts. “I stand by what I said.”

Regulus looks at him for a second, taking in the smudges on his glasses and slight stubble across his jaw. Eventually he shakes his head. “Writing isn’t just about selfish wish fulfilment.”

“You sure about that?”

Regulus glares, which seems to delight James because his smile widens. “Being able to write is…powerful,” Regulus goes on. “It has power. The power to make people feel and think. We’re all so stuck in our own heads, our own lives, writing is one of the only real ways to take people out of themselves. To make them see things from the perspectives of others and empathize with people that they wouldn’t normally.”

James’s smile has only grown. “So you want to sacrifice my darlings for the greater good, is that what you’re saying?”

“What I’m saying,” Regulus huffs, “is sometimes, to be great, you have to let the things you love go.”

“Wow,” James says. “Wow—please tell me you’re an English major?”

Regulus doesn’t know if James is being sincere or not. “No,” he says finally. The truth seems like the safest answer, even if the question is sarcastic. “Business.”

James’s eyebrows shoot up. “Business? What? Why?”

Regulus has to bite his tongue to keep from saying because my mom told me to. It sounds just a tad too pathetic. “Not many jobs in literature.”

It’s clear from the way he wrinkles his nose that that’s not good enough for James. “Not many jobs in the NHL either, you still got to try though, if it’s something you feel passionate about.”

Regulus swallows, turning back to his notes. “Not all of us have the privilege of trying.”

“That’s not true,” James says dismissively, which makes Regulus’s hand curl a little tighter around his highlighter.

“Yes, it is,” gritting his teeth. “Trying implies the possibility of failure, not everyone is allowed to fail.”

James goes quiet, and Regulus underlines something on the page in front of him just to make it look like he’s actually reading, ignoring the way he can feel James’s eyes on him. 

“Who told you you weren’t allowed to fail?” James asks finally. 

Don’t let me down.

Nails digging into his shoulder.

Don’t let me down.

There’s always a silent word at the end of that threat. An empty space they both know how to fill.

Don’t let met down.

Again.

Regulus slams his notebook shut. “I’m tired,” he says shortly, not looking at James as he starts to shove things into his bag. “I think I’m going to go back to the dorms.”

“Woah—hey, wait—“

But Regulus is already on his feet, jerkily throwing his bag over his shoulder as he does everything but sprint out the door. The sun has set by now and it’s cold without the light, Regulus wrapping his arms around his chest. Campus is lit by older street lamps—short iron stems with round orbs at the top. It makes him feel like he’s in some sort of artsy short film.

“Regulus! Hey, Reg wait up!”

Regulus grits his teeth, very pointedly not waiting.

“Hey, hey,” James jogs backwards in front of him, cruelly forcing Regulus to once again put-up with his face. “Listen, I’m sorry.”

“For what?” Regulus asks flatly, keeping his gaze forward and not slowing down a step.

“Er…” James falters.

“You shouldn’t make apologies you don’t mean. Sets a bad precedent.”

“I’m not—“ but he cuts himself off, clearly struggling to keep up with Regulus’s pace. “I am sorry. I just…need you to tell me what I did?”

Regulus only shakes his head. “You didn’t do anything.”

James makes a scoffing noise. “Oh come on, clearly I did something.”

“Nope.”

“Regulus,” he steps directly in front of Regulus now, stopping them both firmly in their tracks.

The pair of them are breathing heavy, standing close in the lamplight, James looking down at him, expression a mess of confusion and concern.

“Please tell me what I did?”

James is very soft.

It’s a bit aggravating if Regulus is being honest.

It’s not something he’s used to. At least not directed at himself. People generally handle Regulus roughly. He’s a bit annoying, or so he’s gathered. Never quite able to pick up on what everyone else isn’t saying. Always second guessing himself. Quiet. Sullen. The opposite in every way to Sirius.

It’s a few seconds before Regulus is able to force himself to speak. “It’s not you,” he says grudgingly, really wishing they weren’t having this conversation, that James had just let him study in peace. He hasn’t got the energy for any more people today. “I’m just…I really am tired.”

James seems to consider him for a moment, those dark eyes running him over in an unhelpfully intimate way.

“You promise?” he says eventually. 

“What are we, eight?”

That brings the ghost of a smile back to James’s face. “No. If we were eight I would make you pinky promise.” He wiggles his pinky finger for good measure. 

“Jesus Christ,” Regulus steps around him and starts walking again, a few seconds later James falls into step beside him.

“Following me?”

James snorts. “I mean, for starters, you never promised.“ Regulus sighs. “And,” James goes on, “we kind of live in the same building.”

Regulus instantly feels his cheeks heat. “Oh…Right.”

They walk in silence, giving Regulus time to overthink absolutely everything he’s said in the last twenty minutes. He grips the straps of his bag but he’s pretty sure that makes him look like a little kid so he quickly drops his arms, but now they just feel awkward, hanging uselessly at his sides. Having a body is truly a nightmare.

“Soooo,” James says in a bit of an exaggerated voice, “how’re you liking it so far?”

Regulus looks at him. “It?”

“Y’know,” James waves his hand around. “College.”

“Um…fine?”

James nods. “Good. That’s good. And your classes are…interesting?”

Regulus makes a face, and before he can stop himself; “I’d honestly rather we go back to not talking than…do whatever this is.”

James stops, laughing so loud Regulus is almost certain they’re going to get a noise complaint. “Fuck, you don’t hold much back do you?”

Actually, Regulus holds back a lot, but he doesn’t bother pointing that out.

“I just don’t understand why people constantly feel the need to ask questions with answers they don’t care about.”

James is giving Regulus a look, bemused would be the word Regulus would use to describe it. He doesn’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing.

“Guess it’s just polite.”

Regulus scoffs. “Manners are ridiculous.”

“A bit yeah,” James is still laughing but it’s significantly less disruptive. 

They start walking again, Regulus with his hands in his pockets this time—upon reflection it’s the least stressful place to put them. They pass a few students here and there, but it’s the middle of the week and it’s late so there aren’t many people out.

“Okay, I have another question,” James says eventually. “But I promise I care about this one.” Regulus can tell that James is trying not to smile and he wonders if he’s being mocked. 

He gives James a skeptical look. “Okay?”

“How’s Rosy doing?”

Regulus blinks, he hadn’t been expecting that. “Evan?”

“Yeah.”

He’s so thrown by the question that he’s not entirely sure how to answer it. “He’s fine? Why wouldn’t he be fine?”

James shrugs, looking out in front of them. “He’s from a pretty small town, I think him and his family are really close, so being so far away, in a city, it’s a big change. Plus, y’know, before he was playing hockey for a hundred people tops, at tomorrow’s game he’s gonna be playing for a thousand, that a big jump.”

Regulus hadn’t thought about any of that. Admittedly, he hadn’t really thought about Evan. He was just…there. And usually pretty happy about it. Regulus doesn’t think he’s ever been as content as Evan Rosier. Whatever itch Regulus has under his skin Evan doesn’t. He always seems so at ease, Regulus hadn’t considered that maybe that was an act. 

“I’ll ask him,” he says finally.

James gives him a small smile. “Thanks. He’s a good egg you know?”

Regulus isn’t sure that means much coming from James Potter. He reckons James sees most people in a better light than they deserve. Or at least that’s the impression Regulus gets.

They’re nearly home, Regulus can see it just down the street, so really he ought to let the conversation drop. Be satisfied with not embarrassing himself too badly or offending James so deeply that he wants nothing to do with him—which has happened a few more times than Regulus would like to admit to. He should just put his head down and push forward.

And yet, for some reason, he hears himself say: “How’s Lily?”

If James is surprised by the question he doesn’t show it, but then, Regulus supposes people probably ask him about Lily all the time so he’s used to it. Regulus tries not to be bitter about that. He fails.

“She’s good. Her classes are a bit smaller this year so she can actually get to know her professors and stuff. And there are more labs and fewer lectures which I think she’s happy about.”

Regulus nods like any of that means anything to him. “What is she taking again?”

“Marine biology.”

“Ah,” and then, feeling like maybe he’s supposed to say more; “That’s cool.”

“Yeah.”

Regulus has no reason to feel anything at all about James Potter being with someone else so he's not sure why he does. He tries to comfort himself with the knowledge that they aren’t real feelings. James is hot, that’s it. Regulus doesn’t actually feel anything for him. He doesn’t even know him.

And besides.

He’s not…gay. Well, not outside his head anyway. It’s better that way.

“You know,” James says suddenly, startling Regulus out of his thoughts. “Me and Lily have been together since we were sixteen?”

Regulus feels a little attacked by this information that he absolutely did not ask for, but he somehow manages to speak; “That’s a long time,”

James nods, his face scrunched, not really looking at Regulus, maybe not even really talking to him. “It’s good you know. We’re good. Happy, I think? We don’t fight much, which is kinda unbelievable considering before we got together we used to fight all the time.”

“You used to fight before you got together?” Regulus can’t stop himself from asking.

James laughs a little, running a hand through his hair. “Yeah, she thought I was a bit of a prick,” and then, after a second; “To be fair, I was a bit of a prick. Especially—she had this friend, this guy, and the pair of us never got along. He just…rubbed me the wrong way? Anyway, it’s possible me and Sirius got a little…mean with him,” James grimaces. 

Regulus has a sudden flashback to earlier today, standing at the door of his cubicle and staring at hundreds of scattered papers on the ground while a group of boys laughs in the distance.

Go on pet, fetch.

He wonders if Nicolai Mulciber tells people that Regulus just rubs him the wrong way. If in another life James would be one of the boys standing beside him.   

“We got over it though,” James goes on. “Me and Lily I mean. And it’s been pretty smooth sailing since then.”

Regulus resists the urge to say, in an unnecessarily bitchy way, so?

James has that scrunched up expression again. Like he’s trying to figure something out.

“I wonder if maybe it’s a little too easy, actually.”

Regulus has no idea what that means. “Can a relationship be too easy?”

“I don’t know,” he chews his bottom lip. “But sometimes it’s like we’re just really good friends and not actually…” he shakes his head and then laughs. “Sorry, weird train of thought.”

They push through the doors to the dormitory and start up the stairs, James waving to the person at the front desk.

When they get to the third floor they pause—the stairs come up in the centre of the floor, where the common room is, James’s room on one side, Regulus’s on the other. Regulus absolutely loathes the awkwardness that falls over them then, not quite sure how to say goodbye. Well the awkwardness that falls over him anyway, James looks fine.

Bastard.

“It was nice chatting with you Reg,” James smiles at him and Regulus does his best not to crumble into dust. “You coming to the game tomorrow?”

I would rather die.

“I think I’m busy.”

James nods like it’s not a big deal. “Fair. Maybe the next one yeah?”

“Maybe.”

James reaches over, just like he’d done at the bar the other week, giving Regulus’s shoulder a slap.

“See you around.”

And just like that James Potter is turning away and Regulus is left feeling bewildered and tired and wishing he could pull him back.

 

 

When Regulus walks into his room he finds Evan on the floor doing sit-ups.

“Hey dude,” Evan greets him huffily, blond hair dark with sweat.

Regulus arches his brow, walking around him and dumping his stuff on his desk, he feels fucking exhausted. “Evan, it’s like eleven o’clock, what are you doing?”

Evan drops down onto his back, chest heaving as he looks up at Regulus from the floor. “Sorry, couldn’t sleep, too much energy.”

Regulus sits on his bed and watches as Evan wipes his face with the inside of his shirt before getting to his feet.

“Maybe I’ll go for a run,” he says as he starts puttering about, a bit scattered, picking things up and putting them back down before eventually grabbing his sneakers and keycard. “Then I won’t be in your way.”

Regulus chews on his bottom lip. “Evan are you—are you nervous about tomorrow?” God he’s going to be so bad at this.

Evan pauses, fingers freezing halfway through doing up his laces. “Nah, no reason to be nervous. It’s only the first game, right?”

He goes back to tying up his laces, but Regulus notices he’s doing a horrible job of it.

“Are you sure?”

Another pause, and then a deep breath. He looks up at Regulus with a slightly shy smile. “Okay…maybe a bit,” and then, sighing, he sits up properly; “You know, I never really bought into the whole superstition part of the game. Like I have teammates back home who have to do some wack things on game day or they swear their mojos off.”

Regulus nods. “Sirius has to listen to Mambo No. 5 basically on repeat until the game starts.”

That makes Evan laugh. “What? Really?”

“Or at least he used to,” Regulus shrugs, ignoring the small ache he always feels when he remembers that he doesn’t actually know his brother anymore. “It was fucking annoying, but if he didn’t he would basically have a melt down.”

“Yeah,” Evan nods, still laughing a bit. “Yeah, that’s the stuff that I thought—I didn’t think I had any of those quirks you know? But I’ve felt off about the game tomorrow all week and I couldn’t figure it out and then I realized…” his voice trails off and he runs a hand over his face. “This is the first game I’m going to play where my parents won't be there.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to say to that. His parents only came to one or two of his games that he can remember. Most of the time it was nannies. And Sirius. Sirius was always there.

“Every game since I was, shit, I don’t know, six? I’ve skated out onto the ice, turned around, and waved at them. I didn’t even notice it had become a tradition until I realized that this time there’s not going to be anyone there.” Evan actually looks sad, which Regulus finds alarming.

“Sorry, that was…” he shakes his head, laughing in a self-deprecating way. “It’s dumb. I’ll get over it.”

“Evan—“

“I think I’m gonna take a shower instead of going for a run,” Evan cuts him off, grabbing his towel from the inside of his closet and heading for the door. “See you in a bit yeah?”

Regulus watches the other boy flee the room, sitting still on his bed for several moments afterwards, thinking about six-year-old Evan waving to his parents.

 

 

“Okay,” Cerci blows past Regulus, who is currently holding the door open for her, and collapses onto his bed. “So I found a sushi place nearby that’s pretty cheap but also apparently very good, or there are tacos, but that’s gonna require some walking. So what’re you feeling like champ, Japanese or Mexican?”

Regulus is still standing by the door, hands in his pockets and a guilty expression on his face that Cerci clocks instantly.

“No,” she says, sitting up straight and jabbing her finger at him. “Regulus Arcturus Black I swear to God if you ditch me to do homework again I really will throw your body on a pyre.”

“Is that how sacrifices work?”

“Regulus!”

Regulus sighs. “Listen I—I need to ask you for a favour.”

Cerci’s expression shifts slightly, from indignation to interest.  “Anything. What do you need?”

“I need,” he exhales, unable to believe he’s actually saying this. “I need you to come to a hockey game with me.”

There’s a beat of silence.

“You want me to go to a hockey game with you?” she repeats, like she isn’t sure she’s heard him right.

“Yeah.”

“You, the guy who immediately changes the subject every time hockey comes up in conversation?”

“Yes,” somewhat resigned.

She keeps looking at him, clearly trying to work something out, Regulus doesn’t know what.

“Okay,” she says finally, hopping off the bed.

Regulus blinks, a little startled, not because he’d expected her to say no exactly, but because he’d thought there might be a bit more…reluctance.

“Okay?”

“Yup,” she says easily. “But I’m gonna need to borrow a sweater.”

 

 

The arena is full of people and noises and smells that make Regulus feel twelve years old again. Part of him is singing to be back here. In this atmosphere. Like letting go of a breath he’s been holding for far too long. But another part of him would do anything to be out on the ice instead of in the stands.

“You sure you don’t want a bite?” Cerci asks, mouth full as she waves her overpriced hotdog in his face.

Regulus wrinkles his nose. “I’m good thanks.”

Cerci only shrugs, mustard in the corner of her mouth. “Your loss.”

Regulus’s leg bounces up and down nervously, though he isn’t exactly sure what he’s nervous about. This arena is certainly nicer than any he ever played in, which makes sense, Godric has the best team in the NCAA. This is going to be some good hockey. It’s then that he realizes that he isn’t just nervous—he’s excited.

The players have started trickling out onto the ice to warm-up. A few doing laps around their respective sides, others stretching. Evan is hard to miss, he has at least two inches on everyone else out there, Regulus catching sight of his blond head coming out of the tunnel, gliding out onto the ice,

turning around.

Regulus made sure they got here early, made sure they got seats close to the Gryffin’s bench, down near the front. Made sure that if, by chance, Evan happened to look up into the crowd, he would have every opportunity to spot them.

People are still drifting in, still finding their seats, so their section isn’t entirely full and Regulus watches as Evan’s eyes snap right to him.

He trips over his skates.

His teammate catches him before he can hit the ice, they exchange words, Regulus has no idea what they are. But then Evan is looking at him again. A huge smile spreading across his face.

“Oh my god,” Cerci gasps beside him. “Look at him! He looks so fucking happy, what the hell!”

Evan lifts his hand, waves.

Regulus waves back.

“Wait—no—okay, you have to explain this to me,” Cerci is saying as Evan nods his head and skates off to start getting ready for the game. “I thought this was some weird brother shit but we’re here for Evan?”

Regulus turns to her. “Weird brother shit?”

“Can you just explain to me what that was?” Cerci jabs a finger impatiently towards the ice.

He shrugs. “He told me that he waves to his parents at the start of every game. But they can’t be here anymore, so…”

“Holy shit Reg,” Cerci is absolutely giddy. “That’s fucking adorable.”

He rolls his eyes, looking back out at the ice. “It’s not a big deal.”

“Uh-huh,” she says skeptically, nudging him with her elbow. “You’re a big softy Regulus Black.”

“I’m really not.”

“Sure. God, I’m so pumped for this game now. GO EVAN!”

“Jesus,” Regulus covers his ears, glaring at her. “They’re just stretching, the game hasn’t even started.”

“YOU LIMBER-UP LIKE A CHAMPION ROSIER!”

“Oh my god, I can’t take you anywhere.”

She turns to him, grinning. “You know, I think I’m going to be good at this sports thing. Next time we should bring signs!”

Regulus would rather stick nails in his eyes, but he doesn’t bother saying that because he knows it won’t dissuade her. He tries to focus instead on the players milling about in front of him. He sees Sirius, it’s a bit of a shock after all this time, to see him in all his gear. And of course, beside him is a jersey with the name Potter spelled out on the back. Once he finds James he can’t look anywhere else. Eyes greedily running him over, because here he’s allowed to look—he’s an audience member after all. 

Something about it feels horribly familiar. He has memories of sitting on the bench and watching another boy skate around in front of him, thinking the same thing. That at least for that moment, he didn’t have to look away. Remembers being so grateful for those few seconds of reprieve, always the highlight of the game for him.

It’s depressing to think that Regulus’s love life hasn’t evolved much since the age of twelve.

Maybe there had been touches, or lingering looks, but the truth is, Christopher had never wanted Regulus, and James certainly doesn’t want him now. Not that it would matter if they had. Did. This just…it isn’t meant for Regulus. Isn’t something he’s supposed to have.

Which is okay.

Sometimes, to be great, you have to let the things you love go.
Notes:

    "YOU LIMBER-UP LIKE A CHAMPION ROSIER"

    This line lives in my head rent free and is also an accurate representation of me at any sporting event!

    Okay, I never know with this fic if I'm making any sense or if I'm throwing too much stuff out there, but ugh the wave, the beginning of the trio that will be Reg, Cerci and Evan, it makes me excited!

    Also Reg's relationship with his sexuality is going to be explained, or at least talked about, so if you're like "I don't really understand what his deal is" it'll come up I promise!

    Thank you for reading!!! Really appreciate it xx

Chapter 3
Summary:

    In the words of Jack Kerouac: “Don't use the phone. People are never ready to answer it."

Notes:

    tw homophobic language

    Things you maybe wanna know:

    Cochlear Implants: A cochlear implant is a small electronic device that electrically stimulates the cochlear nerve (nerve for hearing). The implant has external and internal parts.

    Enforcer: is the dude whose job (unofficially) is to fight the other dudes more than every other dude fights the other dudes (this definition was brought to you by Evan Rosier)

    The Frozen Four: is the playoffs of college hockey (or if you wanna be technical about it: the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Remus

 

He doesn’t know what’s woken him up. His eyes heavy as they blink open. It’s late, still dark out. He turns over, reaching blindly for his phone, it takes a few seconds before he finally manages it, a too bright screen aggressively informing him that it’s 3:06 AM. He sighs, dropping the phone beside him and scrubbing at his face.

He doesn’t know what’s woken him up.

But he has a feeling it was Sirius.

Maybe briefly flicking the hall light on and off, maybe his headlights as he pulled into the driveway outside Remus’s window. Not that he needs to do anything. Sometimes Remus swears they’re connected, a thin thread tied around his pinky and leading all the way to Sirius. When Sirius pulls Remus feels it. And Sirius pulls an awful lot.

He’s one of the most restless people Remus has ever met, always buzzing with some barely contained energy. It’s part of what makes him such a good athlete. Remus never understood the appeal of sports before watching Sirius play. Years of his father desperately trying to make him care. Forcing him onto teams that, quite frankly, had no idea what to do with a deaf kid. It all seemed silly and pointless to him until Sirius. It's like watching a piece of theatre when he's out on the ice. Every movement of his body, expression of his face, is so articulate. So passionate. Making you root for him. Making you believe, for a moment, that a stupid hockey game matters.

He swings his legs over the side of the bed, yawning before he gets to his feet, taking his blanket with him as he stumbles out of his room and into the hall. The door to Sirius’s room is open, a clear indication that he isn’t there, so Remus keeps moving. Fairly certain he knows where to find him. 

Sure enough, the window of their living room is cracked open, the dark silhouette of a boy just visible, sitting on the roof outside. It doesn’t seem to matter how many times their landlord replaces the screen or how many times the neighbours complain, Sirius inevitably finds himself on the roof. Remus supposes brooding on the sofa isn’t quite as romantic.

With his comforter still wrapped around him Remus waddles forward, opens the window all the way and fumbles through. Sirius turns to him, says something—his mouth moves at least—but Remus is too busy trying not to fall to his untimely death to make out what it is. He huffs when he finally gets outside, leaning back against the brick wall behind him.

He finds Sirius staring at him, a smile on his face.

Your blanket is going to get dirty, he signs.

We have a washing machine. Not that it’s cold enough to really warrant a blanket but Remus just isn’t in the mood to face the world without it yet. 

Sirius shakes his head, smile tucked into the corner of his mouth as he brings a cigarette to his lips, getting ready to light it. Remus frowns.

You’re not supposed to be smoking.    

Sirius rolls his eyes, and in an exaggerated, and somewhat pouty gesture, returns the cigarette to its packet.

Happy?

Remus gives him a flat look.

Ecstatic.

That makes Sirius laugh, Remus can tell because his shoulders shake a little, lips twitching, slightly parted. He's not sure what laughter sounds like, but he knows that on Sirius it's something he wants to touch. Wants to reach out and run his fingers along. Something Remus wants to hold in the palm of his hand, and keep with him in case he ever needs to look at something beautiful. 

What’re you doing out here? Remus asks eventually. 

Couldn’t sleep.

It’s Remus’s turn to roll his eyes. Worked that out, thanks. Why can’t you sleep?

Sirius’s head wobbles from side to side, looking out at the night. They live close to campus, on a street filled with old houses that were probably nice at some point but have been put through the ringer by decades of college students and are now scuffed and peeling.

When they first moved in together Remus used to search Sirius’s face for signs of disappointment. Remus is all well and good, but he’s no James Potter, and as long as he’s known James and Sirius they’ve always been roommates, attached at the hip. But no matter how hard he looked he never did find any disappointment, maybe because they always knew James was going to be an RA, like his dad. Just like they knew he would be captain of the Griffins like his dad. And marry his high school sweetheart like his dad.

Remus knows a thing or two about complicated father-son relationships, and he worries about James. There’s a point when everyone realizes that their parents aren’t heroes, they’re just humans. But for most people that point is somewhere around the age of sixteen. He worries that one day that reality is going to come crashing down on James, and it’s going to devastate him.

Remus leans over and gives Sirius a shove. Just enough to get his attention. Sirius turns, flipping him off.

Why can’t you sleep? Remus repeats, with as much emphasis as his hands can muster.

Sirius stares at him for a long time—too long really—Remus has always found his gaze a little hard to hold. Eventually, however, Sirius seems to give in. I’m worried I’m fucking things up with Regulus.

Actually, he signs Regulue, fingerspelling has never been Sirius’s strong suit, but now feels like emphatically the wrong time to point out grammatical errors.

Why? Remus asks.

He— but then he stops, dropping his hands and making a frustrated face. He starts again: I don’t know how to be his brother. There is this…wall…between us. Stuff we don’t say. Sirius bites down on his lower lip, hesitating for a moment before adding; Things happened. It got bad for a bit. And I should have been there, you know? I should have been there but I wasn’t and I just don’t see how he’s ever going to forgive me for that. 

Remus is ashamed to say that he desperately wants to know what Sirius means by “things happened”. But he does manage to stop himself from being completely insensitive.

Has Regulus said anything to you? About being angry or upset?

No. But…

That’s part of the stuff you don’t say? Remus guesses, earning him a nod.

Exactly.

Remus watches Sirius for a moment. His eyes are a strange shade of blue, pale and soft and almost grey. Remus has never seen anything like them before. Or at least he hadn’t, until Regulus showed up.

Have you considered that maybe you should say it? The…stuff? he asks finally.    

That makes Sirius smile, though it’s not quite sincere. It’s not that easy.

It is too that easy. You’re just making it complicated.

But Sirius shakes his head. Reg he…he doesn’t talk about things. Doesn’t talk about anything really.

Remus arches his brow. Unlike you, Sirius Black, the open book.

That earns him another middle-finger.

Remus waits for a second, incase Sirius wants to actually say something, and when he doesn’t he shoves him again.

Talk to your brother, stupid.

Sirius rolls his eyes, biting back a smile. Yes mum.

For a moment they both sit still, hands in their laps as they look up at the sky. Remus yawns, it must be nearing 4:00 and if he doesn’t go back to his bed soon he’s going to end up falling asleep on this roof. He turns to Sirius, to tell him so, when he notices that Sirius’s mouth is moving. He blinks, confused. Surely Sirius isn’t speaking to him? He knows better than that. But then Remus’s eyes trail down to the phone resting by Sirius’s hand, screen lit up with the name of the song currently playing.

He’s listening to music.

Remus wonders if it’s been playing this whole time?

Often, people view the world in absolutes. Things are or they aren’t. It’s yes or it’s no. Right or wrong. In most instances those beliefs are incorrect. The world much messier. Deafness, is no exception. It’s not as simple as hearing or not hearing, but more like you’re on a sliding scale. Everyone falling somewhere slightly different. It’s not that Remus can’t hear music at all. He can, if it has a strong bass, a heavy beat, if the volume is turned all the way up and the speakers are good.

He loves music, honestly, sometimes he’ll lie on the floor of his room next to his speaker and just let it flow through him. The thing is, he doesn’t think he could describe music in sounds. He wouldn’t even know where to start. But the way it feels…music is all feeling for Remus.

He nudges Sirius’s shoulder, to get his attention.

Are you a good singer?

Sirius smirks. No. Awful.

Remus frowns, not quite believing him. He might not be able to hear Sirius, but he can see him. And he’s captivating when he sings—face bright, eyes wide, cheeks a little flushed. Remus doesn’t understand how any part of that could be awful.

Here, Sirius signs. I’ll show you.

What? Remus uses his voice because Sirius is already halfway through the window. If he responds it’s not in anyway that Remus can understand. For a few minutes he just sits there, alone on the roof, confused about how Sirius thinks he’s going to show him how he sings? But then Sirius is back, climbing through the window with an irritating amount of grace. He sits crossed-legged in front of Remus who mirrors his position, though it takes significantly more shuffling for him due to the blanket.

Sirius is grinning as he holds up a pair of chunky black headphones.

How are those gonna help me hear you sing? Remus signs, skeptically.

Trust me, already reaching over and shoving them on Remus’s head. Remus bats away his hands, huffing as he adjusts the headphones himself, the comforter falling from his shoulders and pooling around his waist. The cool fall breeze tickles his bare arms, making him shiver, and when he looks back at Sirius he has a soft expression on his face.

What? Remus demands.

Nothing, __ just l__k  _____

Remus squints. Sirius is speaking now instead of signing and Remus’s brain is too sleepy, and the roof is too dark, for him to lipread worth a damn.

I just look? he repeats back. I just look what? Sorry, I didn’t catch the last word?

Sirius gets a funny expression on his face before shaking his head, spots of colour appearing on the tops of his cheeks.

Nothing. 

Of course that word’s clear. 

Sirius—

But Sirius reaches out and covers Remus's mouth, much to Remus's dismay. He tries to pull away, and when that doesn’t work, he licks Sirius. Sirius only laughs, dropping his hand just to wipe his palm on Remus’s shirt, causing him to make a disgusted face.

It’s your ____.

Remus fixes him with an unimpressed look. Spit is spit. It’s gross no matter whose mouth it comes out of.

Sirius shakes his head, still smiling as he looks down at his phone and then back up at Remus.

Ready?

Probably not.

But he sees Sirius’s thumb move and then—the volume is clearly turned all the way up, Remus can feel the pulse inside his ears, the earphones vibrating. Maybe it’s sound, it’s hard for him to distinguish sometimes. The vibrations and the noises, they meld together. But there’s a beat, and Remus feels himself start to bob along.

He doesn’t realize he’s closed his eyes until Sirius taps him on the shoulder, prompting him to open them. He’s got that soft look on his face again.

Ready? Sirius repeats, this time signing.

For what?

Sirius smiles. For my singing.

He still doesn’t understand, but then he sees Sirius start to sign again;

Good times for a change

See, the luck I've had

Can make a good man

Turn bad

 

There are moments of stillness between phrases and it takes Remus too long to realize that Sirius is signing in time to the rhythm humming through his headphones. He’s signing the lyrics.

 

So please, please, please

Let me, let me, let me

Let me get what I want

This time

 

He’s singing to him.

 

 

Haven't had a dream in a long time

See, the life I've had

Can make a good man bad

 

So for once in my life

Let me get what I want

Lord knows, it would be the first time

Lord knows, it would be the first time

 

 

Sirius lowers his hands slowly, the humming in Remus’s head disappearing, the pair just looking at one another for a moment.

See? Sirius signs finally, small smile on his face. Awful.

Remus only shakes his head, feeling ridiculous and emotional and unable to stop himself from clumsily giving Sirius a hug.

I think you’re a beautiful singer, he murmurs into his neck. It’s a long time before he eventually pulls away, Sirius’s arms reluctant to let him go. He’s just glad he isn’t crying because that would be embarrassing.

Send me the song will you? he says, finally sliding the headphones off his head and handing them back to Sirius.

The other boy nods. Yeah, of course.

Before he can stop himself Remus lets out a huge yawn, making Sirius laugh again—at least he thinks so.

Come on, lets get ___ to ___.

I’m not that tired, he tries to argue, not ready to leave this space. This moment. Unfortunately, his protests are undermined by the fact that he yawns again almost immediately after.

Sirius shakes his head, crawling over and herding Remus back through the window. Remus complains a few more times but they’re feeble attempts. The truth is, he’s absolutely exhausted. Sirius follows him all the way to his bedroom, shoving him down on the mattress after quickly brushing off some of the rooftop debris from his blanket.

Good night Sirius signs once he’s in bed. And Remus has the ridiculous desire to pull him back, to ask him to stay.

Sirius?

Sirius turns to him, silhouette lit by the light spilling in from the corridor. For a second they’re just frozen like that, staring at one another, before Remus remembers why he called him back in the first place.

Thank you

This time Sirius’s smile is almost shy.

Anytime.

He leaves not long after that, and Remus falls asleep dreaming about Sirius singing.

 

   

Remus and libraries have a complicated relationship.

On the one hand, books are incredible. You can go anywhere and be anyone and do anything. Which was especially thrilling to a young Remus whose nervous parents let him do very little. Not that he blames them necessarily, but books became his escape. They still are. And the idea that buildings filled with books exist—free books at that—has always felt like a little bit of magic to Remus.

On the other hand, volume control is not his strong suit. He likes bars, clubs, concerts—places where everything is loud so he doesn’t have to worry that he’s shouting. He gets anxious in every day life. Self-conscious. Cringing when he orders at a coffee shop, avoiding speaking in class unless he absolute has to. The library is the worst though, a place where you’re not just supposed to speak at a normal volume, but at a quiet one.

He does have hearing-aids and they help he supposes. But mostly they just make everything very noisy. Nothing ever feels clearer it just feels louder. He hates them honestly, rarely puts them in when he's not at home. It was his father who was adamant he get them and adamant he wear them and adamant that he did not need an interpreter even when he entered the regular school system.

Middle school was very hard for Remus.

He expects high school would have been as well, if he hadn’t met his boys.

As he walks towards the main campus library—referred to by most people as the Ro, short for Rowena—Remus feels that familiar sense of unease. As long as no one talks to him it’ll be fine. As long as he doesn’t have any questions or need a librarian to help him find a book or want to buy a coffee, it’ll be fine. He exhales, consciously unclenching his fists.

He’s only a few steps from the doors when a group of boys off to the side catch his attention. He’s not sure why at first, until he sees a familiar head of dark hair and quite nearly dies of shock. Sirius is an excellent student, truly, Remus is positive he’s never failed a test or gotten anything below an A on an assignment. But the library is not a place where one finds Sirius Black. In fact, Remus doesn’t think he’s ever actually seen Sirius sit down with a book and study in the entire time he’s known him.

After a few seconds of staring Remus realizes that it isn’t Sirius. It’s Regulus. There’s a slightly buff looking guy getting in his face, while three other boys linger back, watching. It could be nothing, but Remus starts slowly moving closer anyway. And as he does, the figures start to look more familiar. The big one, the one in Regulus’s face, he knows him. He’s on the hockey team.

Nicolai Mulciber. 

He starts walking with a little more purpose now.

Nicolai is in the year above him and according to James and Sirius is incredibly bitter that James was named captain instead of him. He’s also just generally an absolute prick. Remus tries to make out what he’s saying to Regulus but he can only see his profile and apparently he’s shit at enunciating because Remus can’t pick out a single word.

Now, the problem is, it’s possible that Regulus is actually having a good time, just hanging out with friends. He’s frowning, but in fairness, Remus isn’t sure he’s ever seen him not frowning, or at the very least not looking incredibly concerned about something. But Remus can’t help but see Nicolai’s looming stance as menacing.

So, despite having absolutely no idea what he’s getting in the middle of, Remus decides to open his mouth:

Regulus?

Regulus startles, eyes flicking to Remus just as Nick turns around, leer on his face, looking every bit the entitled jerk he is. Remus has, thankfully, only had to interact with him a handful of times. Most of which were less conversations than Remus simply being trapped in the same room as him at a party.

Are you okay? he asks Regulus. Maybe he should have gone with something a bit more subtle? Oh well, too late now.

Regulus looks like he’s going to be sick. Still, when he moves his mouth Remus is pretty sure the words that come out are: Fine. I’m fine. Which is quite clearly a lie.

Remus’s mind races, trying to come up with some excuse to get Regulus out of this situation as easily as possible. They need Sirius honestly, he’s the one with the daring escape plans.

Remus is about to speak again when he sees the younger boy’s eyes cut-across to Nicolai.

He can’t hear you, Regulus says, and then: Talking louder isn’t going to fix that.

Remus snorts as he turns his attention to Nick, who appears to be running his mouth. Remus squints trying to make the words out. The problem is, he has a very difficult time understanding people he finds dull. It’s as though his brain simply refuses to expend the energy on them.

____. W___ do ___ ___ Remus?

Remus just stares at him blankly, which seems to amuse Nicolai.

Hello? he waves his hand obnoxiously in Remus’s face. Anyone home? Do you even know what I’m saying? he’s grinning, near identical smiles blooming across the faces of his friends. Clearly everything Nick says is peak comedy.

Remus considers responding until he remembers that he has absolutely no desire to talk to Nicolai Mulciber, so he turns his attention back to Regulus.

Have you eaten yet? he finds himself asking.

Regulus’s face scrunches in confusion. What?

Remus hates this particular question. Because sometimes people mean “what” as in “what did you mean?” and sometimes they mean “what” as in, “what did you say, I didn’t hear you?” but since Remus didn’t hear himself either, he’s never really sure which one it is.

Have you eaten yet? he says more forcefully. Force is the only way he can really understand volume. More force louder, less force quieter, but it’s not an exact science.

Judging by the way Regulus winces and Nicolai smiles, the “what” in question, did not require greater volume. Lovely.

No, Regulus says finally. Or at least, Remus is pretty sure that’s what he says, he’s muttering a little bit.

Me either, trying for a casualness he doesn’t feel. How ‘bout we go grab something yeah? he nods over his shoulder in the direction of the meal hall, hoping his eyes are communicating something along the lines of “I’m trying to rescue you just go with it.”

Regulus opens his mouth as if to speak but then quickly shuts it again, eyes going wide as he looks at Nick, which Remus takes as a sign that Nicolai is, unfortunately, speaking again. Reluctantly, Remus looks at him.

___ cute, a date. Oh come on Regulus, don’t look so surprised. Didn’t your brother tell you he’s living with a fucking faggot?

Remus doesn’t blink. He’s been out since he was fifteen. Out and deaf at an all boys private school with a large population of hockey players. “Fucking faggot” is practically a term of endearment compared to what he’s been called.

Don’t be jealous Nick. I’d ask you to lunch but I prefer men who can read.

He returns to Regulus and finds a pair of terrified eyes staring back at him. He actually thinks the other boy might have taken a step back, not that they’d been standing particularly close to begin with. Which is when it hits Remus that Regulus isn’t scared of Nicolai. He’s scared of him.

Oh.

He hadn’t seen that coming.

Not when Sirius had accepted his sexuality without batting an eye. Not when he had photos of Sirius and James at Pride with goofy grins and rainbows painted on their faces. He’d mentioned to them once, that he goes with his mum every year, which is maybe a bit embarrassing but she’d taken him when he was timid and uncertain at fifteen. And then again when he was sixteen and seventeen. And somehow it had become a tradition. Then one summer James, Sirius and Peter drove down to go with them. And that had started a whole new tradition.

So you see, of all the people he expected to look at him like that, Regulus Black was not one of them.

I’m ___ _ungry, Regulus is speaking quickly now and partially to the floor making it hard for Remus to keep up—though he expects the slightly nauseas feeling in his stomach isn’t helping either. I have __ ____ so…

Nick is smirking at him, triumph radiating off him, though Remus isn’t exactly sure what he’s won. It takes Remus a second or two to slot words into place, to fill in the blanks he couldn’t read. But he understands the sentiment.

Regulus does not want Remus’s help.

In fact, Regulus does not seem to want anything to do with Remus period.

He nods his head jerkily. Okay, cool no problem. See you around yeah?

And then he starts walking, feeling a little numb, not quite sure what just happened. It takes ten minutes before he realizes he’s walked right past the library and started going home. He doesn’t turn back.

There’s an uncomfortable itch burrowing in Remus’s chest and he presses down on his sternum trying to get it to stop. If Regulus has a problem with Remus Sirius won’t—he wouldn’t cut Remus out right? They live together for god’s sake! But Sirius loves his brother, has been desperate to have him back in his life almost the entire time Remus has known him. And if Regulus makes Sirius choose…

They’re blood

he sees the words in his mind.

All you are is some loser pathetic enough to have a crush on his best friend.

He shakes his head. This is stupid. He’s being ridiculous. Regulus isn’t going to go around making ultimatums. Remus will just stay out of his way and everything will be fine. Normal. The same as always.

Unfortunately.

The itch disagrees.

 

 

A few hours later Remus sits at the desk in his bedroom, staring at his laptop screen and feeling fidgety and nervous the way he always does before calling his parents. It would be okay if it was just his mum, but as soon as his dad enters the picture things…change. Remus makes his father uncomfortable, there’s no way around it. His mother tries to deny it but Remus doesn’t know why, anyone with eyes can see it. The thing is, his father feels guilty.

A notification pops up on the screen, asking him to join the meeting. Remus lets out a deep breath before he accepts. A few seconds later his parents appear on the screen, the iPad held at a horrendously low angle that is doing neither of them any favours but makes Remus smile.

His mother is a small woman, maybe five feet tall on a good day, she has frizzy strawberry-blond hair that usually has no fewer than three pens in it, and skin that’s covered in freckles—she loves to garden so she’s almost always in the sun. Her smile is toothy and a little too big for her face and one of Remus’s favourite sights.

Hey baby, how’re you doing! Remus can see his father stiffen as his mother signs.

This is why he hates these calls.

I’m good mum, y’know, just getting back into the swing of things.

Swing. His father repeats, overly exaggerating the word.

What?

You’re losing your S’s. Do you need me to find you a speech pathologist out there? It might help to have a few sessions, it’s been a while since you’ve seen anyone.

When Remus was younger it was very important to his father that he learn, not just how to speak, but how to speak “properly”. Remus spent years in speech therapy trying to learn how to make his mouth form all the sounds he couldn’t hear. S’s have always been a particular weakness of his. Something about them—they’re too soft, too slippery, he can’t ever seem to grasp them.

No—I’m juSt tired, that’S all it iS, he makes an extra effort to try to pronounce his “s’s” though he’s not sure he manages it.

Long day? his mother signs.

He gives her a weak smile. His mother has always been his cheerleader. Whether that was dedicating herself to learning sign language the moment they found out Remus was deaf or hanging rainbow flags up on every available wall after he’d come out. Her enthusiasm for, well, everything, is contrasted by his father’s distain for everything. Remus can’t figure out how they ended up together.

Or why they stay together.

Though he does feel a bit guilty about thinking the latter.

Very long, he signs back, doing his best not to think about Regulus. What about you? Are you getting ready for the winter season? Preparing the plants?

Her face lights up, there is nothing Hope Lupin likes discussing as much as her plants. For a solid five minutes Remus gets to have the very delicate task of protecting tulip bulbs explained to him, there are many enthusiastic hand movements. No one signs quite as brightly as his mum.

So, his father cuts in eventually, pulling his shoulders back. I ____ some news. 

Remus notices his mother’s smile growing tight which means that there is absolutely no way this is gonna be fun news.

Oh yeah? he finally manages to make himself ask. What is it?

Well, I’ve recently been promoted which means that my health insurance has increased. And since you’re under twenty-five you’re still covered.

His father is looking at him like this ought to mean something. Which, sure, health insurance seems like a good thing. Probably. Not that he was planning on having any health emergencies but better safe than sorry he supposes.

He smiles a little awkwardly at his father. That’s great! Congratulations. 

His father seems a bit miffed by this response. Do you understand what that means?

No.

Which must be evident from his expression because his father continues without waiting for a response.

It means that they’ll cover the full cost of implants.

Ridiculously, the first thing that comes to Remus’s mind is breast implants. Which, you know, he truly has nothing against, but they’re simply not for him. And he sure as shit hopes his father isn’t talking about his mum cause—ew. But as he looks from his father to his mother, he feels another significantly more logical realization dawning on him.

Cochlear implants? 

Yes. Of course.

Of course.

That word stings and Remus isn’t sure he can exactly explain why.

But I don’t want—

Use your voice.

Remus bites his lower lip, resisting the urge to snap back. His mother must say something he misses because his father turns to look at her.

Most people can’t understand sign language, he can’t rely on it.

He’s heard his father say that countless times. Remus hadn’t meant to sign, he knows better than that. It had just slipped his mind for a moment. He was too—angry isn’t the right word. Nervous maybe? Frustrated? He doesn’t know how to explain what he’s feeling. He wasn’t prepared for this at all.

We’ve never talked about implants before, he manages finally.

It ___ never an option before. The insurance wouldn’t cover the whole thing and we couldn’t pay the difference. No _____ discussing it. But it was ______ the plan to get them once we had the money.   

Remus has no memory of this plan. He looks to his mum but she’s staring very sharply at Lyall.

Dad, he tries finally. I…appreciate what you’re offering, but I don’t want implants.

His father looks genuinely shocked by this, it’s maybe the most emotion Remus has ever seen him show. Don’t be ridiculous. This would give you the opportunity to live a normal life.

This isn’t anything new. His dad says, or implies, things like this all the time. But it still makes him flinch.

I have a great life, Remus pushes back. I like being the way that I am, he almost says, but doesn’t. Because he knows it’s a loss cause with his father. And because he doesn’t want to have him list all the reasons he thinks Remus is wrong.

You’re being childish Remus. And shortsighted.

I—

But his mother interrupts, holding her hands up in a clear demand for a ceasefire.

Enough, she signs. And when Lyall opens his mouth she repeats aloud: Enough. Turning back to Remus: I know this is a lot, but maybe you should think about it, okay? Instead of just shutting down the idea right away? It’s worth considering baby, don’t you think?

No.

He doesn’t want fucking surgery.

Doesn’t want all the therapy he’ll have to go through afterwards.

He’s never expressed any interest in implants. For his dad to just—just make this decision for him—this life altering decision—is so fucking out of line.

But

the word appears annoyingly in his mind.

what if it works?

what if you can actually hear Sirius sing?

Remus, his mother’s hands drag his attention back to the present. No one is going to make you do anything okay?

He huffs, looking skeptically at his father.

I promise, she goes on, I just think you should sit with it for a little bit, call Dr. Pomfrey, do some of your own research, and then decide, alright?

Remus slumps back in his chair, feeling suddenly exhausted. Fine, he signs eventually, causing his mother to give him a small smile.

The call doesn’t last long after that.

 

 

Part II Regulus

 

Regulus wakes up to a call from his mother.

“Are you still in bed?” are the first words out of her mouth after he answers the phone.

His mother has this incredible trick, where she doesn’t raise her voice, but somehow manages to make whatever it is that you’re doing sound so pathetic and stupid that you instantly feel as though you’ve been flayed. Naked and exposed and burning with shame.

“I have the morning off,” he whispers weakly, shooting a look over at Evan who is still asleep in bed. He quickly slips into the hallway, careful not to let the door slam behind him. “Do you need something?” he’s still whispering, afraid the surrounding rooms might hear.

“I have to need something to call now?”

“Non maman, that’s not what I meant.”

But she ignores him. “I hear you’re working with Lucius on a new account?”

He sighs, pressing his back to the wall behind him and slowly sliding to the ground. “Yes.”

“That’s good. I had to pull a lot of strings to get you that job.”

I wish you hadn’t .

“I know.”

“Lucius is an important connection for you to make, he’s talked about very highly by the right people. You need to impress him.”

Regulus grimaces, picking at his pyjama pants. He thinks about telling her, just for a moment, about the uneasy feeling Lucius gives him. But the thought is quickly dismissed. He can’t point to anything specific Lucius has done wrong, and his mother is not one to put much stock in feelings. Especially Regulus’s.

“I’m trying,” he says eventually.

“Good. Have you found a therapist? A psychiatrist? Are you still able to get your medication filled out there or do you need a new prescription?”

Regulus’s chest feels as though it’s suddenly shrunk two sizes. “Listen, I have to go, someone’s knocking on the door.”

“Regulus—“

“I’ll talk to you soon, d’accord?”

Regulus has never hung up on his mother before. But there’s a first time for everything he supposes.

He lingers in the hallway for a long time after the phone call ends. He doesn’t know why he hasn’t sorted out his therapy. Why he’s stopped filling his prescriptions. It wasn’t on purpose…it just sort of…happened. Just sort of keeps happening. The longer he sits there the more a sense of dread starts to settle around him. Heavy on his shoulder. Building behind his ribs. Burrowing into his stomach. It sticks with him long after he gets off the ground and goes back into his room, refusing to be shaken off.

 

 

The day does not improve. 

Because of course he has to run into Nicolai—fucking—Mulciber.

He just wanted to go to the library, just thought that maybe he’d feel better if he could be alone for a little while, buried somewhere in the stacks, thoughts consumed with school work. Sometimes that helps him calm down. At least it used to in high school. If he could just focus on a clear problem, one right in front of him, with a logical answer, he could get his thoughts to stop spiralling.

Unfortunately he didn’t even make it into the building before he heard:

“Hey pet.”

He’d seriously considered making a break for it, but running away like a little kid was too degrading even for him, so he’d reluctantly turned around to face whatever was coming. One of the worst parts of this internship is that he also goes to school with these assholes. And he’d discovered, much to his dismay, while watching the game the other day, that Nicolai is also on the hockey team. A fourth line bruiser. As close to an enforcer as you can get in this league—in any league really, these days.

He’s terrified about what Nicolai might say to Sirius. Or James. Fuck, what if they find out his nickname is “pet”? The thought makes his stomach churn. Would Sirius be embarrassed? Would he not want to be associated with him? And James…

Well.

Anyway.

Nicolai had not wanted to talk about Sirius. Or hockey. He’d wanted to talk about how Regulus had managed to get himself on Lucius’s special project. A project Nicolai himself had not been chosen for. Apparently unable to punch his way into that opportunity.

Regulus didn’t really have an answer for him, of course. There was no reason for him to be chosen. He certainly didn’t want to be. It just meant more work and Lucius texting him nearly non-stop. Sometimes just asking him questions about his day—which Regulus had no idea how to respond to.

And then Remus had shown up.

Which…

“Fuck,” Regulus says out loud.

He looks around but this area of the library still appears to be empty. He sighs, messaging his face as he leans back in his chair.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

He knows he messed that up. He knows. But he just had no idea what to do! He hadn’t known that Remus was gay and then Nicolai was saying all that stuff about them going on a date and Regulus just—he froze. He knows it was just Nick being a prick, knows it was more about getting under Remus’s skin than Regulus’s, but he just couldn’t stand the thought of those people knowing something like that about him. Or even suspecting. It’s his worse fear honestly.

So he’d thrown Remus under the bus.

“Fuck.”

“Now see, I always thought you had to be quiet in the library.”

Regulus whips his head around—nearly toppling over his chair—as James comes to lean against the wall beside him, grinning.

“You again?” Regulus manages to get out. Not his best opening line, he’ll admit.

James’s grin does not diminish. “That is usually what people say when they see me.”

God.

Fuck this guy.

Fuck his stupid face.

And his stupid smile.

And his stupid voice that gets all tangled up in Regulus's chest.

“What are you doing here?” Regulus demands.

“Looking for you.”

His mouth falls open and then quickly slams shut so he doesn’t look like a complete idiot. Only James Potter could say something like that and not feel remotely embarrassed. Or guilty—for the horrible, cruel things he’s doing to Regulus’s pathetic little heart.

“Why?” he finally manages to choke out, gripping the table like it’s a life raft in choppy waters.

James shrugs. “Bored.”

Oh well, that’s flattering.

“Plus, I needed to get some studying done,” he holds up the binders in his hands. “Figured you might be around to provide motivation.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to do with any of that.

“I don’t remember you doing much studying last time.”

“Au contraire mon frère,” his french accent is disgusting.

“That’s not a real saying,” Regulus can’t help pointing out as he watches James flip one of his binders open, grabbing a piece of paper from inside and sliding it in front of Regulus.

“You and Sirius are such French snobs.”

“That’s practically an oxymoron. All French are snobs.”

“Touché.”

“Please stop butchering the most beautiful language on the planet.”

James laughs. “Will you just read it,” he jabs a finger towards the paper.

Sighing, Regulus reluctantly drops his eyes down. It takes him a moment to realize what he’s looking at. “This is the assignment you showed me last time?”

“Uh-huh. I made your edits. Notice the mark?”

There, at the bottom of the page, scribbled in red ink: 90%

Regulus looks up at him. “Congratulations?”

“All thanks to you,” James squeezes his shoulder before taking the assignment back. The feeling of his touch lingering. “So I figure studying with you is good luck.”

Regulus gives him a flat look. “I don’t think luck is a thing in studying.”

But James is undeterred. “Luck is always a thing.”

Regulus is about to argue when his phone buzzes on top of the table. He tenses, not bothering to look at the screen, he knows it’s Lucius. Instead he drops his head down and starts working again.

“Go entertain yourself somewhere else,” he mutters. “I need to focus.”

“Aw come on Reg, come sit at a bigger table with me.”

“No, I don’t want any distractions.”

“Am I a distraction?”

“Yes,” he bites out, and then immediately regrets it, face burning hot. It’s technically an innocent statement but it sounds like something else. Something it can’t be.

“What if I promise to behave?”

Regulus nearly swallows his tongue, something hot burning in the pit of his stomach. Totally inappropriate images of James saying that under very different circumstances materialize in his mind that he absolutely does not need to be thinking about right now. In the library of all places!

His phone buzzes again and Regulus isn’t able to stop himself from looking this time.

It’s Lucius.

He once again ignores it.

“You should just tell them to stop.”

“Huh?” Regulus’s brain is still a little fuzzy and therefore he’s slow to catch-up to what James is talking about.

The older boy gestures to his phone. “Whoever it is that keeps texting you. You should tell them to stop, you obviously don’t want to talk to them.”

Regulus isn’t quite sure why that irks him as much as it does. “Right. Thanks.”

“I’m just saying—“

“Just because I’m not answering them right this second doesn’t mean I don’t want them to text me,” he snaps. I mean, he does wish Lucius would stop texting him, just like he wishes his mother would stop calling him, stop breathing down his neck, stop making him feel like he’s stuck in a room that is just continuously getting smaller.

But James doesn’t need to know that.

“I mean okay, but you didn’t respond to them last time either.”

That makes Regulus look up. “How do you know it’s the same person?”

James shrugs. “Uh—the same name is on the screen?”

“You’re looking at my fucking phone screen?” which yes, is maybe a bit of an overreaction, but he just really needs everyone to give him some space.

“I mean, it’s on the table,” James sounds confused.

“That doesn’t mean you have to look at it, there’s this thing called boundaries, I’m not sure if you’re familiar?”

“Yeesh,” James stands up straight, letting out a tense laugh. “You’re really in a mood today huh?”

Regulus grits his teeth. “I just want to be left alone, is that too much to ask? I don’t need you pushing your way into my space without my permission—“

“Pushing into your space?”

“—giving me your opinions about my life, which, by the way, you know nothing about. Like I can’t just tell my boss to stop texting me but thank you for that brilliant advice.”

James’s brows draw together. “Wait—it’s your boss who’s texting you? Your boss texts you? Texts you at—“ James looks down at his own phone. “Nine o’clock at night?”

“None of your fucking business—aren’t you listening to anything I’m saying?” because he does not at all appreciate the judge-y tone in James’s voice. And maybe also because he’s felt this pressure building beneath his skin all day and he needs to let it out. “What is it with you guys? I didn’t ask for your help, I don’t need you all butting into my business, I can handle things myself okay?”

“Regulus—“

“Because we’re not friends,” he’s lucky this part of the library is empty because he is definitely speaking too loud. “We don’t even know each other. You’re just here because I’m Sirius’s pathetic little brother but I don’t need your fucking pity okay? So just leave me alone. Please.” 

Regulus is breathing heavy, James looking at him with wide-eyes, like he’s never seen him before. Good, Regulus thinks bitterly, this is it. This is me. A fucking nut case. He just needs everyone to stop hovering. Especially James. James who takes up so much oxygen. James who makes him want things.

There are a few seconds of silence before James eventually raises his hands in surrender and takes a step back. “Okay,” he says quietly, maybe the most quiet Regulus has ever heard him. And then he’s gone, disappearing into the stacks, and Regulus feels the regret almost immediately.

He slumps back in his chair, staring at the spot James had just been, his anger starting to curdle in his stomach.

“Fuck.”

 

 

He’s losing it. He knows he is. The semester has barely started and he’s already falling apart. He briefly considers just dropping out and heading home. He can go to the local college, surrounded by everything he knows, his old routines. Go back to having a purely virtual relationship with his brother.

Regulus drops his head onto his knees, hugging his legs closer to his chest. Of course if he does do that his mother will never let him live it down. Holding it over his head just like she does everything else.

“Regulus?” Evan’s voice calls out as he enters the room. Regulus just buries his head further in his knees. “Are you—your shoes and keycard are here where the fuck are you?”

Regulus sighs. “In the closet.”

There’s a pause.

“You’re in the closet?”

“Yes.” A heavy handed metaphor but there’s not much that can be done. The beds are too low to crawl under.   

There’s another pause. “Can I come in?”

Regulus considers this for a few seconds. “Yeah,” he says finally. “Sure, if you want.”

He expects Evan to just stand at the door, but instead he slides it open and after a brief glance down at Regulus, who is currently curled up in the far corner, he fits himself across from him. It’s actually a bit hilarious to watch giant Evan attempt to fold himself into the overstuffed closet, knees nearly over his head as he awkwardly drags the door closed again. It’s dark enough that they can’t really see each other, which at the moment, Regulus appreciates.

“Rough day?” Evan asks eventually.

And Regulus has no idea why that makes his throat close-up. “Yeah,” he manages finally.

“Anything I can do?”

Regulus lets his head fall back against the wall behind him. “Can we just…sit?”

“Sure dude, we can sit.”

When he’d been little Regulus used to hide in their basement a lot. It was unfinished and mostly used for storage, which means it was stocked full of boxes. He used to fit himself in with moth eaten clothes and dusty books and try to pretend that he wasn’t real. That he wasn’t a person. Just another forgotten thing down in the basement. That he had no responsibilities, he was just there to add to the clutter.

It would help. Well, at least until Walburga would send the nannies after him.

He does the same now. Closing his eyes and pretending he’s just a pair of old shoes. A forgotten sweater. Something that can’t fuck anything up.

There’s a knock on their door and Regulus instantly stiffens.

But Evan doesn't miss a beat. “I’ll get it!” he clumsily scrambles up, practically tripping out of the closet. Regulus curls in a little tighter, listening to him opening the door. And then:

“Hey Rosy!”

He squeezes his eyes shut.

No.

No.

No.

Not now. He can’t be here now. He can’t see me like this.

“Hey Sirius,” Evan says, just a beat too slow. “What’s up?”

“Not much. Just wondering if Reg is around?”

No.

No.

No.

“I’ve been trying to call him but I think his phone is dead or something?”

Regulus turned it off after the sixth text from Lucius.

“Ah—er—sorry dude, I haven’t seen him.”

“Really?”

“Have you tried the library? The kid is pretty addicted to that place, practically lives there.” He can hear the strain in Evan’s voice all the way from the closet.

“Yeah, okay, I’ll check there thanks. And hey, when you see him, can you tell him to charge his freaking phone?”

Evan laughs stiffly. “Will do!”

Regulus thinks there might be some kind of handshake thing and then there’s the sound of the door closing, of Evan walking slowly back to the closet. This time when he opens the door he doesn’t get in.

“Was that right?” he asks a little nervously.

Regulus gives him a weak smile, trying to ignore the twinge he gets every time Evan somehow manages to read him perfectly. “Yeah, it was. Thank you.”

Evan just nods, chewing on his bottom lip, clearly wanting to ask something and not knowing how.

“Sometimes—“ Regulus starts and then stops, not really knowing what he intends to say, eventually he sighs. “Sometimes it’s just hard,” his voice sounds small.

Evan watches him for a second before slowly nodding his head. “Just tell me when yeah?” he says, the response taking Regulus completely by surprise.

“Why?” he asks before he can stop himself.

Evan gives him a lopsided smile. “Because we’re roommates, which is basically the same as being team. So…y’know…I’ve got your back.”

And there’s that tight feeling in his throat again. Regulus is barely able to nod his head in response, to let Evan know he’s heard. It’s just—it’s been a long time since anyone’s wanted him on their team.

“Thank you,” he manages finally.

 

 

Part III Peter

 

Peter is fucking tired, gym bag swung over his shoulder as he heads out of the arena. Technically he’s not supposed to be here, but James and Sirius made copies of the key when they were Frosh and somehow convinced the maintenance staff not to rat them out. So they all use the gym after hours from time to time, and the rink.

It’s a bit hard to run drills by yourself when you’re a goalie, but he can still go through the basics. He likes being here when it’s empty—with no pressure, no one to compete against. It’s why he doesn’t usually tell Sirius or James when he’s coming. It’s hard…standing next to them all the time. It always has been. Remus seems to be able to handle it better than Peter, never jealous or insecure. Peter isn’t sure how he manages it. He tries, but he’s never quite able to rid himself of that feeling of inferiority he gets when he stands in their light.

Both Sirius and James are going to the NHL, but Peter, with any luck, will end-up working at some advertising firm. A glorified used car salesman. This, college hockey, this is it for him. So he wants to make it good. And he wants to win. He might not be as crazy as James or Sirius, but that doesn’t mean he wants to be a loser.

He yawns as he pushes out into the chilly fall night, starting towards his car—the only one in the lot—when he spots someone coming towards him. Someone familiar.

“James?” he stutters to a stop, James startling, eyes finding Peter for the first time.

“Pete?”

“What’re you doing here?”

James shrugs, shifting his weight back and forth between his feet, clearly agitated. “Just wanted to…burn some energy.”

He doesn’t have his gym bag with him, he’s wearing jeans and a t-shirt with his backpack hanging off his shoulder. If Peter had to guess, he’d say this was a last minute decision. Very last minute.

“Are you okay? Did something happen with Lily?” 

James’s eyes narrow. “What? No. Why would you ask that?”

“Uh,” Peter blinks a few times, feeling like he’s missed something. “Because you seem a bit upset so I thought maybe you’d had a fight with your girlfriend or…” he pauses for a second and then; “Did something happen with Sirius?”

James throws his arms up in exasperation, though there’s a slightly desperate edge to it. “No. Nothing has happened with anyone. Lily is great and Sirius is great and I’m great. We’re all really great okay?”

“Okaaaayyyy,” Peter looks around like he’s going to spot someone who can rescue him, but the parking lot is, of course, still empty.

“I’m like especially great actually,” James goes on. “I’m fan-fucking-tastic! I mean, why wouldn’t I be? I have you and Sirius and Remus and a super hot girlfriend and—and our team is awesome this year.”

Peter nods in agreement, because their team IS awesome this year.

“We’re definitely going to win the Frozen Four and we’re gonna beat the shit out of Salazar and it’s going to be epic. So literally nothing could be wrong,” he exhales, and Peter wonders if he’s taken a single breath this whole time.

After a few seconds of tense silence, during which Peter tries to figure out whether the responsible thing to do would be to take him home or leave him alone, James sighs, lifting his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose.

“Do you think I have a problem with boundaries?”

“Yes.” The word is out of his mouth before he can stop it, James looking back at him with a devastated expression. “Uh—I mean—no. Obviously I meant no.”

“You said yes.”

“Yeah well…it’s opposite day. Surprise!”

James does not look amused.

“Okay, listen,” god Peter really needs to learn to think before he speaks. “You don’t cross like, serious boundaries, you’re just—you’re James—you take charge and you like to make sure everyone is okay and sometimes that means you kinda…y’know…solve problems no one asked you to.”

James just looks at him for a moment before shaking his head, letting out a humourless laugh. “Fuck.”

“James, really, what happened?” he adjusts the strap of his bag which has started digging into his shoulder.

James just shakes his head again. “I don’t know what’s happened, I—I don’t even know why I went to the library in the first place. I don’t know why I wanted…I don’t know what I wanted,” he tangles his hands in his hair.

Peter honestly has no idea what’s going on. “The library? What does this have to do with the library?”

But James ignores him. “I just feel…really off lately,” he kicks at the gravel by his feet.

Peter waits for him to continue, to explain properly, but when he doesn’t Peter shuffles a little closer and knocks their shoulders together.

“You bring your car?”

James shakes his head. “Walked.”

Peter arches his brow. “From the Ro?”

“Yeah,” he shrugs. “Like I said, needed to burn off some energy.”

Peter frowns, eyes running his friend over before he jostles him again. “Lets go get some food yeah?”

“But I was going to workout,” James says lamely, it’s a weak argument and they both know it.

“Sure,” Peter says. “But Fran’s has twenty-four hour breakfast, and I feel like chocolate chip pancakes are gonna make you feel better than working out.”

James gives him a small smile. “Yeah alright.”

“Come on,” Peter nods over his shoulder towards his car before he starts walking. “I’ll drive.”

James snorts. “I still can’t believe you have a license.”

“I can’t believe Sirius has a license,” that makes James laugh out right, and Peter feels a little proud. “Honestly, he must have bribed someone.”

James shoots him a sly look out of the corner of his eye. “With money or sexual favours?”

“Knowing Sirius? Probably both.”

James laughs again, it’s a juvenile noise, reminds Peter of being back in high school. If you could summarize his adolescence in one sound it would be James Potter’s laugh.

“You know,” Peter starts, not quite able to meet James’s eye. “For what it’s worth, I usually do need you to fix my problems.”

James snorts, slinging his arm around Peter’s shoulders and pulling him into his side. “Thanks Pete.” James is a little bit taller and leaner than Peter, something undeniably possessive about his touch. James Potter has arms that were built to hold people. Peter isn’t sure if he always understands how addictive that is.

Or how desperate they all are to feel it.

 
Notes:

    Hello lovelies!

    In case you don't know and wanted to, the song Sirius is listening to at the start of the chapter is Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want by the Smiths :)

    I know these are very "set-up" chapters but I promise things are gonna start getting juicy, especially in chapter 5. Also pretty sure Barty is gonna make his appearance in chapter 6, and I think chapter 4 we're gonna see the girls show up again. ANYWAY my point is, so much to look forward to!

    Anyway, hope you guys liked the chapter! As always, I super appreciate you reading and commenting ect. hope you're all having a great day! :)

Chapter 4
Summary:

    This is where things start to get messy ...

Notes:

    tw: hazing that includes bodily fluids (spit) and being roofied

    tw: explicit (ish) sexual content (this, just so we're clear, has nothing to do with the above tw, completely different part of the story, I just feel like having these tws one after the other is concerning)

    tw: this is not really necessary for this chapter but in the interest of being extremely cautious, there are hints at some of Regulus's issues with food, but it's very Charlie Spring in the first season of Heartstopper if you know what I mean, like if it weren't for the tag I don't think anyone would even notice it, but I'm putting it out there just incase

    Hockey stuff:

    Mini Mites: baby hockey, usually like 3 - 8 year olds (depending on where you are)

    Alexander Ovechkin (aka Ovi): I'm actually struggling to describe who Ovi is because like yes he is just a hockey player but him and Sidney Crosby have basically been the faces of the NHL for like the last two decades, so he's not JUST a hockey player, y'know? He's like a Beckham or Michael Jordan type

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Peter

 

Two Years Earlier ( First Year)

 

It’s a big deal being on the Griffins. Playing in the NCAA on one of the best teams. It’s something Peter’s father boasts about to his friends who are always surprised. Peter? they say, like they’re sure they’ve heard wrong, little Peter? He plays hockey? He got a scholarship? He used to find their surprise insulting, like he hadn’t spent every waking moment of his childhood on the ice fighting for this. This opportunity. This chance.

Sure, it’s not the NHL, but it’s close.

It’s so fucking close.

And he’s getting it with his two best friends. Just for a few more years, they’re still together. Still on the same team.

The house they walk up to is big—three floors, maybe four—there’s a white plastic table on the lawn already piled high with red solo cups. A giant flag with the Griffin’s logo strung across one of the first floor windows as a makeshift curtain. Peter’s stomach squirms with nerves.

Sirius grabs him, pulling him close and whispering right into his ear “Rookie party, rookie party, rookie party!” Peter laughs—okay, it might be more of a giggle but he’ll never admit it—he playfully pushes Sirius away even though he doesn’t mind the closeness. Likes it actually, when Sirius and James touch him, like he’s theirs. Because he is. 

They can already hear the music inside, spilling out like the house just can’t hold anymore, the three of them pushing and shoving one another as they walk up to the front door. It swings open almost as soon as they knock, their captain standing in front of them in a button up shirt and jean shorts, grinning. He has a joint behind one ear and a bottle of Jack Daniel’s in his hand.

“Boys,” he says, gesturing them in like Bacchus in all his glory. “Welcome.”

 

 

The party starts out normal enough. There’s music and drinking. Lots of drinking. A keg in the living room that makes Peter feel like he’s in some kind of teen movie. Sirius, of course, does a keg stand, balancing on his hands while James feeds him the funnel. People applaud when he gracefully drops back down onto his feet and Sirius, never one to miss an opportunity to play to the audience, takes a bow. Then, catching Peter’s eye, walks over and gives him a big kiss on the cheek.

So maybe it isn’t a normal party.

Maybe it’s an incredible party.

Peter’s new teammates are all laughing around him, James and Sirius putting on a show but always looking for him in the crowd, giving him a smile or a wink, like they’re letting him know it’s all for him. The three of them their own team.

They met in Mini Mites, Peter only five years old, fumbling around on the ice barely able to hold his stick. Even then he’d been in awe of James and Sirius. They were the only ones who seemed to have any control. And when Peter fell over they were the ones to pick him up.

Somehow it snowballed from there. From hockey practices to playdates and birthday parties. They moved up together, always side by side. Spending hours on the frozen pond behind James’s house practicing and fucking around.

Sometimes Peter misses those days. Back when there was less pressure, back when the three of them were equals. At least as much as they ever could be. It feels different now that James and Sirius have been drafted and Peter hasn’t. Like maybe he isn’t allowed to love the sport as much anymore. Like it’s sad that he’s trying so hard at something he’s already failed at. Like even though they’re standing next to him, in a way they’ve already left him behind.      

 

 

It’s maybe two hours into the night when the older boys herd them all into the living room, the rookies on one side and everyone else on the other.

“Being team means something,” Mac, their captain, starts saying. “It’s about having each other’s backs out on the ice and here in this room. It’s about being able to trust that the guy next to you is gonna do what it takes. Is gonna sacrifice fucking everything for his boys. It’s about being able to trust that your teammate isn’t some weak little bitch who breaks the minute something gets hard.”

Peter is already tipsy at this point, so how the cup gets in Mac’s hand he doesn’t know. But suddenly it’s there, being held up like a chalice.

“You think it’s coach who decides who’s on this team? It isn’t. It’s fucking us. We’re the ones out there with you on the ice. We’re the ones you have to fucking prove yourselves to.”

Anything, Peter thinks.

I’ll do anything.

Mac grins at them, the boys behind him grinning too, nudging one another with their elbows, looking almost excited. Like they’re waiting for something. Then Mac brings the cup up to his mouth and spits into it. The red solo cup makes its way through the whole team before coming back to the captain, who eyes the rookies with a hunger that’s suddenly making Peter nervous.

“So lets see huh? Who’s gonna get the bitch cup?”

Now, it should have occurred to him earlier, if not immediately, that someone was going to have to drink that. But it hadn’t. Not until that moment.

Mac prowls up and down the line of rookies. “Eenie, meenie,” he says slowly. “Miny,” his eyes flick over James and Sirius, not pausing for a second. “Moe.”

It takes Peter similarly too long to realize that when Mac stops in front of him, he isn’t going to move again. “He looks like a little bitch,” Mac holds the cup out to Peter. “Lets see if he really is one, huh?”

Peter is what is often referred to by coaches and scouts and other hockey parents who feel the need to give unsolicited commentary, as undersized. Too small to be a hockey player. There’s always another implication there as well though, one perhaps summed up in Mac’s eloquent speech. That if he’s too small to be a hockey player, maybe he’s also too small to be a man.

Peter’s hands shake when he takes the cup.

“You’re not actually gonna make him drink that are you?” James is trying to sound jokey, light, but Peter can hear the strain in his voice.

Mac turns his shark like smile on him. “No, of course not. I’m not gonna make him do anything. Pettigrew is gonna make his own decision. Then we’ll all know who’s on the ice with us. Won’t we boys?” There are general noises of agreement. 

Looking down into the cup, Peter is somewhat relived to see it does have an actual drink in it. Not just…spit. He tries and fails not to grimace.

“Pete,” James whispers beside him. “Pete you don’t have to.”

But that isn’t really true.

And they both know it.

Cheers irrupt throughout the room when Peter shuts his eyes and throws the contents of the cup down the back of his throat. He manages, somehow, to drink it all without vomiting.

The night gets a bit blurry after that.

He never knows for sure if he’s drugged, but…the alcohol in that cup hits him faster and harder than anything else ever has. When he wakes up he’s on the bathroom floor of their dorm room, Sirius curled up asleep a few feet away, James propped against the wall, hand on Peter’s back.

Peter’s shirt is gone. Which Peter doesn’t understand—not that he really understands much at that point—until he looks down and sees that his torso is covered in permanent marker. “Bitch” is written quite a few times, along with the standard obscene drawings, “gay” in big letters across his back.

James and Sirius never go into much detail about the parts of the night that Peter can’t remember. Sirius always seeming apologetic, James angry. Things between James and Mac are never the same after that. Peter tries to tell him it’s okay, because it is, he knows how hockey works, and because he’s afraid. Rookies don’t challenge upperclassman, they especially don’t challenge their captains. But James has always been a bit too noble for his own good.

The thing that is particularly brilliant, and cruel, about the marker, is that it doesn’t wash off for weeks. So for weeks Peter undresses and showers in that locker room, the marks they left on him on full display. They laugh at it, at what they did to him, and he laughs too, because that’s what you’re meant to do. And in the end, it makes them like him more.

So it’s worth it.

Because all Peter has ever wanted is to belong.

If not to someone, than at least to something.

 

 

Present day (third year)    

 

“Do we know anything about their rookies?” Sirius is looking at James while they get ready for practice.

Technically the team stalls are supposed to be organized alphabetically by last name, but if anyone thinks it’s weird that Potter, Pettigrew and Black have all been placed beside one another no one mentions it.

James shrugs. “Far as I can tell they don’t have anyone exceptional, a new back-up goalie, a few potential wingers, but no one that’s going to be getting much ice time.”

Sirius grins. “We really lucked out with Rosy huh?”

“Considering Salazar would have been closer to his home town? Hell yeah we did.”

“Wait, the Leviathans are Rosy’s home team?” Peter asks, eyes finding the rookie across the locker room. “I didn’t know that.”

Evan Rosier is the polar opposite of Peter. Over six feet, broad, muscular even though he’s still only seventeen. He looks like a hockey player.

“Yeah, I’m not sure what’s up with that honestly. It seems like he’s pretty close with his folks so I’m surprised he wanted to move away.”

“Maybe we offered him a better scholarship?” Sirius asks, standing up and pulling his shoulder pads tighter.

James shrugs. “I’d be surprised but, possible I guess.”

“Either way,” Sirius goes on. “Sounds like we’re gonna beat the shit out of Salazar when we play them next weekend.”

That brings a smile to James’s face. “You’re fucking right we are,” the two jostle one another, pushing and knocking shoulders. Sometimes Peter gets so caught up watching them that he forgets that he’s a part of this. That friendship isn’t a spectator sport.

“Hey Potter,” the goofing around comes to an abrupt halt when Mulciber walks up, already dressed, leaning against the stall next to James’s. “You got a minute?”

“Sure,” James says, in a voice that’s cheery enough but that Peter would call his customer service voice if James Potter had ever once worked customer service.

“Me and some of the guys were talking,” Sirius snorts. They all know who Mulciber’s “guys” are. The team has, in some ways, been divided in half between the players older than them, and those who started at the same time or after. Sirius often refers to it as the BJP and AJP split:

Before James Potter.

After James Potter.

Remus rolled his eyes when they told him.

I suppose he is your lord and saviour, he signed in response.

Mulciber glares at Sirius but continues. “We’re wondering when this rookie party is gonna happen?”

James squirts his water bottle into his mouth before looking at Mulciber, eyebrow arched. “It already happened. Last week.”

“I’m not surprised you’ve wiped it from your memory though,” Sirius chimes in. “Considering how badly we kicked your ass at beer pong,” him and James trade smiles and Mulciber’s eyes grow narrower.

“You know what I mean.”

James’s expression becomes serious. “I’m not interested in that shit Nick, you know that.” He turns back to his stall like that’ll be the end of it, but Mulciber doesn’t move. He has two inches on James and maybe twenty pounds and it’s clear from the way he looms that he’s used to using it to get his way. But James doesn’t even blink.

“That shit is part of this game.”

“You sound like an old fucking man Nick,” Sirius says. “Give it a rest yeah?”

Peter swears he can see Mulciber’s jaw tick, like he’s grinding his teeth. “Just because you two are pussies doesn’t mean the rest of us are.”

Sirius only grins. “Ah well, you are what you eat. Speaking of, how’s that girlfriend of yours doing?”

Mulciber lunges, Sirius laughing as Peter yanks him backwards, James stepping in between them.

“Alright, alright, enough,” James says. The other guys in the room are starting to take notice, looking over as James shoves Mulciber back. Peter is pretty sure that if he wanted to, Mulciber could take James easy. He suspects the only reason he doesn’t is because he knows that most of the guys in here wouldn’t back him up.

“Listen,” James goes on, still standing in Mulciber’s path. “You wanna prove to a bunch of frosh what a big tough man you are, by all means, knock yourself out. We all need a hobby. But leave my fucking rookies out of it, okay?”

Mulciber is breathing heavy, still glaring at Sirius who is enjoying this just a little too much in Peter’s opinion.

“Hey? Nick? We clear?” James asks again, this time forcing Mulciber to look at him, the older boy’s upper lip curls over his teeth.

“Whatever,” he spits, turning away and heading for the rink.

There’s a moment of stillness in the locker room—a rare thing—before James turns to face them all. “Well?” he demands. “What are you all waiting for? Get your asses fucking moving.”

That gets people going again, most filing out after Mulciber, already dressed.

“You really fuck his girlfriend?” James asks Sirius quietly, stepping back up to his stall.

Sirius’s smile is what some might call wolfish. The kind that looks hungry. Sharp. Ready to blow your house down.

“I mean, in my defence, she's the one who DM’d me.”

James gives him a sidelong look as he pulls his jersey on. “And you couldn’t possibly say no?”

“Obviously not, I’m a gentleman Potter.”

“Uh-huh.”

With a laugh Sirius pats James’s shoulder and ruffles Peter’s hair. “See you boys out there yeah?” he winks as he walks away, Peter watching him go.

“That’s kind of…fucked up isn’t it?” he finds himself asking once Sirius has disappeared down the hall.

James looks up from his phone, dropping it into the pocket of his gym bag. “What is?”

Peter nods to where Sirius had just been standing. “Mulciber is team,” he says. “You don’t do that to team.”

James makes a noncommittal sound. “He’s only technically team.”

Peter frowns, because that isn’t how it works at all.

“Besides,” James grabs his stick and turns away from his stall. “I wouldn’t put too much stock in what Sirius says. You know him, he likes to embellish,” he gives Peter a smile before tapping his skate. “Hurry up yeah? The last thing we need is coach being up our asses before practice even starts.”

Peter watches James go, a crease between his brows. Something about this all just isn’t sitting right with him. Team is supposed to come before everything else. It’s supposed to mean something.

He still isn’t feeling right about it ten minutes later when he’s warming up on the ice and Mulciber skates over.

“Wormtail.”

Peter pulls a face. He’s always hated that nickname, though he’s never been able to tell James and Sirius that, and since they use it everyone does.

“Mulciber,” he says curtly. “I’m not interested in fighting.”

“Good,” the upperclassman stops in front of Peter, spraying ice shavings on his hands. Peter looks up at him, unimpressed, then over at the other side of the rink where James and Sirius are chatting, not paying attention.

“Listen, some of the other guys don’t want me talking to you, they think you’re Potter’s bitch, but I think they’re wrong.”

“Do you,” Peter says blankly. “Why?”

“Because you’re like us.”

Peter blinks. He says it so simply, like it’s obvious, like him and Peter have exchanged more than just a handful of words over the last two years.

“Us?”

Mulciber gives him a dry smile. “How much does this team mean to you?” he asks, which surprises Peter.

“Everything,” he says before he can stop himself, instantly feeling stupid as soon as the word is out of his mouth, dropping his face in an attempt to hide it.

But Mulciber doesn’t mock him. “Exactly,” he says. “Exactly. Me too, that’s how most of us feel, but can you honestly say that Potter and Black are the same?”

“They’re the best players on this team,” Peter says vehemently. “We wouldn’t have half the wins we have without them.”

He sees Mulciber tense at that and then force himself to relax. “That wasn’t my question,” he manages, lowering his voice as much as he can. “Does it mean everything to them?”

Peter hesitates, looking across the rink again, biting on his lower lip. Which is apparently enough of an answer for Mulciber.

“We’re a stepping stone for them,” he goes on. “They’re just waiting to get to the NHL. At the end of the day they have other teams, but you and me, this is it. This is our moment. They might be able to brush it off but this is our one and only chance to be a part of the game we all love so much.”

Peter is still staring at James and Sirius. He wants to argue, to tell Mulciber he’s wrong. The problem is, he’s not sure he is wrong. So perfectly voicing so many of the discomforts Peter has felt himself.

“They will never understand how important it is for some of us to have the chance to prove ourselves off the ice,” Mulciber goes on, finally drawing Peter’s attention back to him. His stare is intense. “But you know don’t you?”

Flashes.

A party.

A cup.

The cold press of porcelain on his hot skin.

“We’re having a meeting, those of us who want to go through with the rookie party—a proper rookie party—Hog's Head, nine o’clock,” he squeezes Peter’s shoulder before pushing away. “You should come,” he says as he skates off.

Peter frowns. He can’t go. Of course he can’t. The lines between James and Mulciber are clearly drawn, have been since the beginning really. The troubling thing, however, is that he thinks he wants to.

The sound of a whistle being blown echoes through the arena, and he spots coach standing near the home bench. “PULL DRILLS LADIES, LETS GO!”

 

 

Part II James

 

“Hey! Eat your own food,” James laughs as he bats Lily’s hand away.

She only grins at him, swallowing before she answers. “But mine didn’t come with fries.”

James rolls his eyes as he looks back at his laptop screen. “That sounds like a you problem.”

“If you really loved me—“

“Oh my god, you’re as bad as Sirius.”

“I resent that,” she says, snatching up another one of his fries. “Maybe Sirius is as bad as me.”

James sighs, resigned as he slides his half-empty plate towards her. “I’m surrounded by assholes.”

Lily makes a pleased sound, clapping her hands before she really starts digging in, covering his plate in a disgusting amount of ketchup while James tries to focus on his school work. For all the jokes about athletes being dumb, he’s actually pretty good at school. At least most of the time. But this creative writing elective is really killing him. He just wants to have slides to memorize, maybe a few formulas, not…whatever this is.

His assignment for the week: write a feeling

Write a feeling?

What does that even mean?

He’d asked his professor for clarification but it hadn’t exactly been helpful.

“Write a feeling,” James had said, standing awkwardly at the front of the class. “Like anger?”

“Anger is a label," with the dramatic flourish of her hand. "I want you to write everything except anger. Or sadness. Or happiness. I want you to write all the things those words encompass.”

Wow gee thanks ma’am, now everything makes total sense. James had basically just nodded his head like he'd understood before booking it out of there.

He sighs, leaning back in his chair and running a hand over his face. Which is when he notices that Lily is packing up.

“Heading out?” he asks.

She nods, zipping up her backpack and throwing it over her shoulder. “Me, Mary and Marlene are having a movie night, remember?”

He doesn’t.

“Cool,” he watches her stand. “Coming by later?”

“Don’t think so,” she kisses his cheek. “I’ll probably just crash. Text you tomorrow though?”

James feels like saying something, but he doesn’t know what. Actually, that’s not true, he does know, but blurting out: “hey, just out of curiosity, have you noticed that we haven’t had sex in like three months?” in the middle of a crowded diner, feels tactless even for him.

“Okay, have fun,” is what he ends up going with. Definitely the less controversial option.

He lets out a breath as he watches her leave the restaurant, hand pulling at his hair. The no sex thing, it isn’t a problem, or it wouldn’t be, if it felt like it was a choice they were making. Or like a thing they wanted. What worries James is it’s more like they’ve just somehow forgotten about it. Not in general. Because James still very much thinks about sex. Like, a lot. It’s just that, at some point, sex and Lily stopped being mutually exclusive thoughts.

And he’s started having these dreams.

Sex dreams.

Like he’s fucking sixteen again.

They’re not about anyone specifically, just faceless, nondescript bodies. The thing is, and probably this doesn’t mean anything because dreams are weird and they don’t always make sense, but the thing is…sometimes…the people in his dreams aren't…girls.

James shakes his head. Whatever. He's sure it's just from extreme sexual frustration. Him and Lily are in a rut, they’ve been together forever, it happens. It’s normal. He’s pretty sure it’s normal. He still loves her, they have fun, he doesn’t want to lose her. Doesn’t ever want her not to be in his life. They’ll talk about it and work it out.

They’re supposed to be together, he’s known it since the first moment he saw her, even if Lily needed a little more convincing. He can’t ever imagine himself with someone else, and when they graduate he’s going to propose, just like his dad proposed to his mom. His parents started dating when they were sixteen too and they have the best relationship James has ever seen.

There’s a window across from him, one that looks out onto the main road. It’s late enough now that James can see the faint outline of his own reflection in it. He has this clear idea, of who he wants to be, of what he wants his life to look like, and so far he’s checked every box. So far everything has gone according to pla—

James blinks.

A familiar silhouette coming into view.

It really shouldn’t surprise him to see Regulus walking by. The diner is close to campus, full of students, it’s why him and Lily come here. But for some reason James’s breath still catches. They haven’t spoken since that moment in the library a few days ago. Since Regulus told him to back the fuck off. Still, every time he walks past the Ro he gets this little tug in his gut. Like he just wants to see. Just wants to check. Just wants to know if Reg is there and he doesn’t know why. You’re protective of him, the voice in his head whispers reassuringly. He’s Sirius’s little brother. You just want to take care of him, that’s all. That’s all it can be.

Regulus looks up, eyes sweeping absentmindedly through the restaurant as he walks by. James is pretty sure he isn’t even really seeing anything. Barely paying attention. Until Regulus’s eyes snag on his. The other boy trips and James has to bite down on the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing. When Regulus looks back at him his eyes are wide with embarrassment and James can’t help but raise his hand and wave. Regulus awkwardly waves back.

James expects that to be the end of it. Expects the other boy to keep moving but he doesn’t. And after several seconds of just staring at one another James eventually gestures to the chair next to him. He only has so many ways of communicating, what with half a restaurant and a wall between them, and it seems like Regulus has something he wants to say. He watches Reg hesitate before cautiously nodding his head, like he still isn’t a hundred percent confident in his decision. Then he disappears before reappearing at the diner’s front door.

Suddenly James feels nervous, which is fucking weird because he almost never feels nervous. He closes his laptop, pushing it off to the side, absentmindedly wondering what kind of state his hair is in. He mostly just lets it do whatever it wants because trying to tame it has never worked out for him but he's suddenly wishing he had at least bothered to look in the mirror before leaving practice.

“Hi,” Regulus says when he reaches the table.

“Hey!” maybe a bit too chipper. “What’s up?”

Regulus pulls at the sleeve of his oversized grey sweatshirt. It has the name of a hockey camp on it and James wonders if it’s Sirius’s. It swallows Regulus, makes him look soft, something James is well aware he isn’t. “Can I—er—sit?”

“That was the idea, yeah.”

Regulus grimaces. “Right. Of course,” the end of the sentence is half muttered, like he’s saying it to himself as he drops down into the spot that a few minutes ago had been Lily’s. James waits for him to say more but he doesn’t, just stares very intently at the tabletop.

“Uh…soooo what’s up?” James asks again. He watches Regulus’s tongue run over his lower lip. He’s pretty sure it’s a nervous tick but it makes something lurch in the pit of his stomach.

“I wanted to apologize,” Regulus says finally.

“Apologize,” James repeats the word in an attempt to get his brain to focus.

“I was really shitty to you the other day and it was out of line so…I’m sorry.”

James just watches him, Regulus hasn’t lifted his eyes this whole time. He does that a lot, James has noticed, avoids eye contact, curls his shoulders forward. Like he’s asking not to be noticed. Apologizing for taking up space. It’s surprising because Sirius is so the opposite. Everything Sirius does is a bit of a “fuck you”. Fuck you for thinking you get to tell me who I can and can’t be. What I can and can’t say. Or do. Or want.

It doesn’t take a genius to figure out who that “fuck you” is meant for.

But Regulus. Regulus is just…sorry.

Maybe it doesn’t take a genius to work out who that’s for either.

“Okay,” James says finally, causing Regulus’s gaze to flick up for the first time, grey eyes bright.

“Okay?”

James shrugs. “Apology accepted. You wanted your space, you got frustrated, I get that. We all have bad days.”

Regulus opens his mouth and then closes it, looking down again. “Yeah,” he finally manages.

James watches him for a moment before leaning forward, elbows on the table. “First year is hard,” he says, because clearly something is wrong, and without any other information he’s just going to have to guess what it is. “For everyone.”

Regulus snorts. “Yeah, I’m sure you really struggled.”

Still struggling bucko, James almost says, but doesn’t.

“Nobody knows what the fuck they’re doing Regulus,” he’s not sure why he’s lowering his voice. “I promise. Some people are just better liars.”

Regulus looks up again, this time for longer, holding James’s stare. “You don’t strike me as a liar James Potter.”

It feels a bit like Regulus has just reached his hand through James’s chest and given his heart a good squeeze. Helpless to do anything else he just stares back at him. Regulus’s eyes are similar to Sirius’s but they aren’t the same, which seems to be a running theme with them.

“Can I get you boys anything else?”

They startle apart at the appearance of the waiter, both sitting back, which is the first time James realizes how close they’d gotten. “Uh—“ James tries to get his thoughts straight before looking over at Regulus. “You want anything?”

Regulus just shakes his head.

“Aw come on,” James nudges him under the table. “This place is way better than the meal hall, I promise. Consider it my treat.”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “I can buy my own food.”

“Sure you can, but why would you when I’m offering?”

There’s a short pause before eventually Regulus says, “Just a water, please.”

“And another order of fries,” James adds, smiling at the waiter. “Thanks.”

“Sure thing,” the guy nods before heading towards the kitchen.

“I hope you know I’m not gonna eat any of those,” Regulus says, when James turns back to the table. James only shrugs.

“Fine,” with a grin that shows off all his teeth. “More for me then.”

Regulus gives him a skeptical look. “Aren’t you an athlete? Don’t you have a diet plan you’re supposed to be following?”

James laughs. “What’re you going to tell the team nutritionist on me?”

Regulus just rolls his eyes, shaking his head as he looks out the window. “Whatever, it’s your body I guess. But that crap is going to catch up with you in the NHL.”

“If Ovechkin can fill his water bottles with Dr. Pepper and still be Ovechkin, I can have some french fries.”

“Bold of you to compare yourself to Ovechkin.”

James smiles. “What, you don’t think I could be the next Ovi?”

When Regulus’s eyes meet his this time there’s something a little bit feisty about them. Playful almost. It makes James’s chest hum.

“I don’t think you can even make the comparison.”

James clutches at his heart. “Reg, you wound me.”

“For starters, you’re a centre.”

“Oh, so we’re being technical are we?”

“He’s also, like, twice your size.”

“Now you’re just being dramatic.”

Regulus laughs a little, even though he tries to hide it. “I saw your stats by the way—6 feet? Really?” eyes running him up and down.

“Hey! I am 6 feet!”

“5’10 at best.”

“I—okay rude. Also, you looked me up?”

Regulus’s cheeks pink slightly. James wants more of it. “I looked up the team,” he clarifies, “wanted to know what kind of chance you guys have this year.”

“Mhm, but you remembered my stats.”

“Only because they’re ridiculous.”

“Not as ridiculous as Sirius’s—he’s listed as 6’1 you see that?”

Now Regulus really does laugh. “Yeah I did.”

“Don’t ask me how he managed to get them to publish that, I can only imagine he did unspeakable things. Sold his soul to the devil. Sacrificed some goats.”

Regulus gives him a dry look. “I’m sure he just smiled.” There is the tiniest note of bitterness there that makes James pause, but the waiter comes back with their order before he has a chance to figure out what to say.

“You sure you don’t want any of these?” James asks, nudging his plate of fries into the centre of the table while Regulus sucks on his straw.

“I’m fine. I already ate.”

“Suit yourself, but they’re really fucking good,” he doesn’t move the plate, just incase Regulus changes his mind.

“So,” James goes on, wiping his hands off on his sweatpants which makes Regulus wrinkle his nose. “What do you think?”

Regulus blinks. “About?”

He grins. “Our chances?”

For some reason that makes Regulus’s cheeks pink again. He doesn’t blush all the way down his neck, but just under his eyes. It’s very…pretty. James has grown up in a world where that isn’t a word you use to describe boys, especially not if you aren’t trying to insult them. But it isn’t an insult when he thinks it about Regulus. The opposite, actually.

“Our—“ Regulus fumbles. “What do—we—like, what do you mean?”

James brings his attention back to the conversation. “The team. You said you were trying to figure out what are chances are this year. So? What do you think?”

Regulus lets out a breath. “Right, right the team,” he runs a hand over his face before looking back at James. “I think you’re going to take it.”

James can’t hold in the smile that spreads across his face, leaning closer to Regulus. “You wanna know a secret?” he asks, because he really shouldn’t. Isn’t supposed to. Hockey is all about superstition and making predictions is about the worst thing you can do. But Regulus is there and he believes in them and his eyes and his cheeks and his wet fucking lips are making James feel all kinds of reckless.

“What?” Regulus whispers back.

“I think we’re gonna take it too.” 

 

 

James’s skin is slick with sweat as he mouthes at the neck in front of him, the taste of salt making him feel a little desperate.

“Fuck,” pressing their bodies more firmly against one another, so that there's nothing but friction and James can’t help but buck his hips. “Fuck,” he hisses again, nipping at their shoulder and then kissing the same spot to make up for it. “I need you.”

His hand suddenly finds its way into dark curls, pulling back with maybe a bit too much force, but the person underneath him only groans in appreciation. James licks and bites and kisses along their jaw, pinching their ear between his teeth before finally—finally—making his way to their mouth. The kiss is messy and awkward but somehow that makes it better. Like they’re too into it to even find a position that makes sense.

His grip tightens. “I need you,” he repeats, because it’s the only thing he can think, the thought pulsing through him. Their lips brush when he speaks.

He pulls back slightly, getting a good look at the person’s face for the first time. Pale grey eyes blinking back at him.

“Then take me,” Regulus says, reaching up and pressing into his mouth before breaking away. “Take me apart James Potter.”

 

 

James starts when his eyes open, limbs partially trapped in the sheets. He blinks furiously trying to adjust to the darkness around him. Trying to figure out where the fuck he is. He’s sweaty and his heart is pounding about a mile a minute. He doesn’t even bother looking down because he can already feel how hard he is. He lies there, staring up at his ceiling for several more minutes before it really sinks in what just happened.

What he just woke up from.

James groans, covering his face with his hands. “Shit,” he hisses.

This is bad. This is so so so bad.   

 

 

Part III Peter

 

Peter:

hey James, do you think we could|

hey James, do you thi|

hey James, |

hey James, so Mulciber |

hey James, so |

hey James, I think Mulciber is going to throw his own rookie party |

hey James, I think Mulciber is going to throw his own rookie party, and maybe that wouldn’t be such a bad thing? |

hey James, |

hey James, |

hey James, what don’t I remember about that night? |

 

 

He doesn’t know how he ends up walking into the Hog's Head. He doesn’t mean to, honest. Except that the more he thinks about it, the more the things that Mulciber said really start to make sense. He loves James and Sirius, he does, but this team has never meant to them what it means to him. And yeah, maybe there’s something a little fucked up about hazing. But it brings them together in the end. It’s what really made him a Griffin.

James and Sirius don’t understand what they’re taking away from this team. Maybe they think they’re doing guys like Peter a favour but they aren’t. He wishes he knew how to explain that to them, but the truth is, he’s too embarrassed to even try.

The Hog's Head is a little further from campus, it has an older crowd, the place dark and smelling strongly of cigarette smoke, like the leftover nicotine from decades past is still oozing from the walls. He spots Mulciber and some of the boys at a booth at the back, a pitcher of beer in the centre of the table. He falters for a minute.

Does he really want to do this?

Because he still has time.

He can still turn around.

And then Mulciber’s eyes flash up, catching sight of him, and he grins, waving his hand.

“Wormy,” he says when Peter gets closer. “Glad you’re here,” he looks out at the other occupants of the table. “Now we can get started.”
Notes:

    Hello beautiful people!

    I know this was a lil on the shorter side but it just felt like a natural ending spot to me and boy oh boy is next chapter going to be a TIME

    Also this is my PSA that while I love hockey, hockey culture (specifically male hockey culture) is absolute garbage, and the hazing in this chapter is actually a very very tame version of what goes on.

    Mulciber is the rule. James Potter is the exception

Chapter 5
Summary:

    Always you Bee

Notes:

    tw: excessive alcohol consumption

    tw: nonconsensual drug use

    tw: homophobic language

    tw: vomiting

    tw: brief discussion of food, again this is more subtle hinting than any really overt ED behaviour

    Hockey stuff:

    AHL (American Hockey League): In this context American is referring to both Canada and the States, the AHL is a professional hockey league but it's like one step below the NHL, every AHL team has an NHL team that they're connected with who calls up and sends down players (if that makes sense ... I hope that makes sense)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Sirius

 

“You’re blowing my mind right now Evans.”

Lily laughs from her spot on the floor between James’s legs. Sirius is on the other side of the coffee table, the couches and chairs surrounding them full.

“I mean, come on, you can’t possibly have thought they were just platonic best friends?” the light in her eyes suggests that she knows that’s exactly what he thought.

“They were my teachers!” he says indignantly, he’d make some dramatic hand gestures to emphasize the point but he’s currently trying to sign—and doing a piss poor job, though Remus is too polite to say anything. “Of course I thought they were platonic!”

“In fairness,” Remus pipes up from beside him. “So did I, and I’m the one who’s supposed to have the gaydar here.”

Remus’s blond hair is ruffled from where he’s been running his hands through it, eyes glassy and the faintest scruff on his jaw. In his current inebriated state Sirius finds himself continuously distracted by the desire to rub his fingers over it. Remus isn’t looking at him though. Eyes keenly trained on the people talking.

“No offence Remus,” James is saying. “But your gaydar is pretty terrible.”

“Yeah, didn’t you think me and Dorcas were just friends like all of first year?” Marlene giggles. She’s on the couch, legs stretched out across Dorcas’s lap.

Sirius can tell from the way that Remus is squinting that he only caught about half of that and he resists the urge to sign it for him. If Remus doesn’t ask for help he’s not always a big fan of people stepping in. He said something once about not wanting people to feel like they need to take care of him.

Sirius has never been very good at taking care of people, it’s just not in his nature. He’ll fight for you in a second but it would never occur to him in a million years to make sure that you were drinking enough water or wearing a warm enough coat - the stuff James worries about. He wonders if it’s because of his mom. Because she never did any of that stuff, that now he doesn’t know how.

But Remus makes him wish he did.

“It’s not my fault alright,” Remus says after a bit of a pause. “These two have totally fucked up my barometer for platonic friendships,” he waves his hand between James and Sirius. “They act more like a romantic couple than any of you.”

Dorcas snorts. “Honestly, that’s fair.”

“Do you know what he’s talking about babe?” James asks Sirius.

“Not a clue sweetheart.”

Remus gives them both a flat look. “You’re acting like this is a joke but you really do talk to one another that way.”

“He’s right,” Lily pipes up. “I can confirm it.”

James sighs dramatically. “Don’t listen to them Sirius, they’re just jealous of our love.”

Sirius laughs. “Yeah, and all the hot sex we have.”

Marlene and Lily instantly start cackling, even Remus gives him a huff which usually means he’s trying not to laugh, but James looks surprisingly uncomfortable. Which is…weird, considering they’ve both made similar jokes about a hundred times before. Sirius’s eyes narrow, he’s a little too tipsy right now to be making any great deductions but something is definitely off.

Before any of them can say any more though, a new voice cuts through the room:

“Did someone say something about hot sex?”

“ALICE!”

Marlene and Lily are both on their feet, practically bulldozing over the short, dark haired girl standing just inside the front door, coat still on, bottle of red wine in her hand.

Alice laughs. “Well, I’d ask if you missed me but…” Neither Marlene nor Lily let her go.

“I still can’t believe you abandoned us,” Marlene mumbles into her shoulder. “Sometimes I wake up and I think I hear you in the kitchen.”

Alice rolls her eyes. “You’re being a little dramatic, I graduated, I didn’t die.”

“And moved in with Frank!” Lily adds.

“Hours away!”

“So it’s basically the same thing.”   

As if on cue the front door opens again and in walks a similarly dark haired, but significantly taller, boy.

“Wurst!” James and Sirius chorus at the same time, though neither of them make the effort to actually get out of their seats. Sirius does raise his beer bottle though, which feels like enough of a gesture. Frank already looks exasperated with them.

“Boys,” he says, sitting on the arm of the couch as Alice is pulled down onto the floor with Lily. “How’s the season going so far?”

“Awesome, obviously,” Sirius says grinning, which only gets him a blank look. Since “awesome” isn’t a stat it probably doesn’t compute in Frank’s psycho hockey brain. Sirius gives him a wink just to really throw him off. 

“We’re two for two right now,” James chimes in, his captain voice on. “But we have our first game against Salazar this weekend.”

Frank nods, taking that in. “You ready to face Riddle?”

James grins. Sirius knows that look. He loves that look. That’s James Potter’s “I’m gonna fuck shit up” look. Sirius honestly would have hot sex with that look.

“Always.”

Frank’s mouth twitches ever so slightly, like maybe, just maybe, he might smile. “Good.”

Salazar and Godric are rival schools, always have been, probably since the beginning of time when dinosaurs were roaming the earth and playing hockey. But James and Riddle have definitely upped the stakes. Both star centres, both captains, and both competing for the number one spot in the league.   

“How’s the AHL treating you?” James asks.

Frank lets out a breath. “It’s alright. Tough.”

“He’s doing well,” Alice chimes in, pushing on Frank’s legs. “And don’t let him tell you otherwise. They’re gonna call him up any day now.”

Immediately Frank reaches forward and knocks on the wooden coffee table in front of him. “We don’t know that,” he says seriously. Though Frank says most things seriously.

That’s when Sirius feels a small jab in his side, turning to see Remus, bright eyes staring at him as James and Frank go off on some tangent about hockey analytics.

Why do you call him Wurst? he signs. 

Sirius smiles. Because his name is Frank. 

Remus gives him an unimpressed look, clearly waiting for Sirius to give him a proper explanation. Sirius bites down on his smile.

Frank, like frankfurter, as in hotdogs. But we couldn’t just call him frankfurter because that’s a terrible nickname, way too long. So we call him Wurst.

Remus blinks at him several times. Wurst? He looks like he’s scared to ask.

As in the german word for hotdogs: würstchen, he has to finger spell that which in his current state takes a very long time and multiple failed attempts. You know, he goes on eventually, for a gay dude your sausage knowledge is shockingly lacking.

Several seconds pass where Remus just looks at him before letting out a groan and dropping his forehead onto Sirius’s shoulder.

“Your stupidity is hurting my brain.”

Sirius laughs, a second later feeling the warm press of Remus’s flat palm against his chest. That cuts off the air to Sirius’s lungs immediately. He doesn’t even know why, it’s not as though they’ve never touched before, but for some reason this feels…different. Intimate. Remus must feel it too because he pulls away, sitting back and looking at Sirius with wide, terrified eyes.

“Sorry.”

It takes Sirius a second to work words back into his mouth. “What? No. It’s fine. Don’t…” he lets out a breath and then: What just happened?

Remus grimaces, face bright red. Sorry, he repeats. I’m drunk and you were laughing and I could feel it but I just…I wanted more. I wanted to feel more. To know…

To know what? Sirius almost asks, but doesn’t.

Remus is looking miserable now and Sirius can’t understand why but he hopes it isn’t something he did. He wants to make it better, wants to reach out and smooth the lines from Remus’s face. But instead he just keeps sitting there staring at him like an idiot.

Remu—

“Okay, hold on!” Marlene’s voice cuts across the chatter, drawing Sirius’s attention. “I wanna hear the end of Lily’s story!”

“Oooh, which one, which one!” Alice bounces up and down excitedly.

Lily gives her a smirk. “The one about McGonagall and Trelawney.”

 “Oh my gosh yes! That’s one of my favourites!”

Sirius looks at Remus out of the corner of his eye, but the other boy has his gaze trained on Lily, suddenly very invested in her gossip. He wants to grab him, wants to drag him back to their place. Wants to wrap him in a blanket and sit him on the roof and make Remus tell him everything. Just…everything. Every thought. Every feeling. He has a desperate desire to know Remus. Maybe because Remus seems to have a desperate desire not to be known.

But he doesn't of course, grab him that is. 

He doesn't do anything. 

He never does. 

 

 

“Well, well, well,” the night is a little chilly when an hour or so later Sirius steps outside, shrugging his leather jacket on as he waltzes up to the lone figure leaning against the front of the house. “Fancy meeting you here.”

Mary doesn’t react, hands in her pockets as she stares out at the dark street in front of her. Sirius only grins.

“As social as ever I see,” he says, leaning against the wall next to her. There's something slightly sweet about nighttime in the fall. It always gives Sirius that little tickle of childhood excitement. A new year. Something starting.

“I showed up,” she says dryly. "I'd say that's an improvement."

Sirius laughs. “Baby steps and all that. Maybe you'll even go inside.”

The corner of her mouth twitches, like she's trying not to smile. “Maybe.”

They stand in silence for a minute, watching the cars speeding past along the street, orange lights blurring in the darkness. Sirius always thinks they look a bit like shooting stars on nights like these.

“You’re missing one of your musketeers,” Mary says eventually.

Sirius blinks, trying to focus. “Oh, Peter. Yeah, he’s sick apparently? Flu or something. Sucks.” And then; “I’m pretty sure there are only three musketeers.”

Mary holds up her hand, ticking off names one by one: “Athos, Porthos, Aramis, D’Artagnan.”

Sirius squints at her. “I have no idea what any of that means but your French accent is almost as bad as James’s.”

She rolls her eyes. “Your knowledge of pop culture is pathetic.”

“Says the girl who doesn’t know that there are only three musketeers.”

Mary serves him a particularly unimpressed look after that statement. 

“Hey,” Sirius says suddenly, because he’s a little drunk and his brain is starting to wander. “You have a brother right?”

Mary almost completely blends in with the shadows, dressed entirely in black, from the hijab that covers her hair all the way to the boots on her feet. The brightest things about her are her eyes, which shift towards him now, glowing when the moonlight spills into them.

“I do.”

“Are you close?” 

Mary takes her time answering, but then, she’s never been much of a talker. It shocks everyone that the pair of them get on so well.

“Cose enough.”

Sirius arches his brow. “What does that mean?”

She shrugs. “Means if I need him he’ll be there, but I’m not calling him up and telling him my deepest darkest secrets.”

“No," Sirius grins, leaning in a bit. "Those you save for me, right?"

Mary scoffs. “I don’t tell you anything.”

“You’re right, I’m just good at reading you.”

Mary grumbles but doesn’t argue, because they both know she can't. Another few moments of silence passing before Sirius speaks again.

“But are you…happy with your relationship with your brother? Like is that really all you want?”

Mary’s eyes run him over. It’s a two-way street this thing they have. It might be true that Sirius has an uncanny ability to read Mary—someone most people find incredibly difficult to crack—but she’s always been able to do the same for him.

“Give it time Sirius,” she says finally. “He’s barely been here a month.”

Sirius sighs, dropping his head back against the wall behind him and looking up the sky. “Remus told me to talk to him.”

There’s a pause. “And how’d that go?”

Sirius blows out a breath. “It didn’t. I get the feeling he doesn’t…really want to talk to me.”

“And this is why you should listen to me and not Remus and give the kid a second to acclimate.”

And maybe it’s the alcohol but something makes him stupidly mutter; “I always listen to Remus.”

Mary sighs. “Yeah, I know you do.” Her tone makes him roll his head towards her, finding that knowing look in her eyes. Verging on condescending at this point. Sirius furrows his brow.

“What?”

But before she can answer the sound of the door opening interrupts, two people stumbling out into the front yard.

Sirius shakes himself, adjusting his stance and sliding a smirk onto his face—ready to perform. Mary watches him the whole time. “Heading out Prongs?” he calls across the yard.

James whirls around, street lamps reflecting off his glasses. “Sirius!” he sounds so happy to see him, like they weren’t just chatting upstairs a few minutes ago. It makes Sirius’s heart swell.

He spent most of his childhood waiting for the day that James would grow tired of him. That he would become too much of a hassle. Especially after he basically forced himself into James’s home when he ran away. But still James smiles when he sees him, and Sirius never takes it for granted. Not ever.

“That’s my name,” he manages, before James pulls him into a bear hug. For once he thinks James might actually be the drunker of the two of them.

“You’re my best friend, you know that?” James mumbles into his shoulder.

Sirius laughs, even though the words make him squeeze James tighter. “Yeah I know, you’re my best friend too.”

James pulls back, hands on Sirius’s shoulders, eyes slightly unfocused. “I’m not going to do anything to screw that up, I promise.”

Sirius frowns. “What?”

“Cause you’re my best friend and I would never do that to you,” James is starting to get a little upset, and he’s not normally a drunk cryer.

“Okay, hey, James—James, look at me?” Sirius waits until his friend’s watery eyes meet his. “You and me? We’re good. No matter what, we’ll always be good.”

James swallows before nodding. “Okay.”

This time it’s Sirius who pulls him into a hug. “How fucking much did you drink tonight, Jesus Christ.”

James laughs wetly into his shoulder. “I’m going to be so miserable tomorrow.”

“Good thing there’s no practice.”

“Fuck. Yeah.”

They pull apart, Lily looking up at James with adoring, if not slightly exasperated eyes. “Okay babe, time to get you home yeah?”

James groans, stepping back and swaying a little. “I can’t wait to be in my fucking bed.”

“Uh-huh, just a little longer,” she turns to Mary, leaning forward and giving her a quick kiss on the cheek. Sirius reckons he’s the only one who sees Mary twitch. “You working this week?” Lily asks, half her attention on holding James upright.

Mary stares back blankly. “Wednesday.”

Lily nods. “I’ll stop by after class yeah? Tell you some more fun facts about seahorse sex,” she gives her a wink. Mary doesn’t react.

“Sounds thrilling.”

“Act like you hate it all you want Macdonald, but I know I’m the highlight of your day.”

“Lily—“

“Yeah babe, we’re going,” she gives Mary another kiss on the cheek, like maybe she’s forgotten she already did it. Or maybe she just wants to do it again. She turns to Sirius.

“Make sure Remus gets home yeah?”

“Of course,” Sirius says as he watches the pair stagger their way out onto the street, lips twitching when he turns back to Mary who is very pointedly not making eye contact with him.

“Not a word Black,” she says eventually.

Sirius snorts. “Talking about deep dark secrets.”

She shakes her head. “I’m going inside.”

“Wow, it's a Christmas miracle,” she flips him off as she walks past him and towards the front door, Sirius laughing. “And Evans thinks I’m clueless.”

“You are clueless,” Mary throws over her shoulder.

“Oh come on, I’m not that clueless,” he points in the direction James and Lily just went.

Mary looks back at him as she opens the door. “You don’t think?”

Sirius has no idea what that’s supposed to mean. “You should find someone a little more available Mary. It’d probably hurt a hell of a lot less than this.”

She watches him for a moment before nodding. “And you should find Remus.”

The screen door closes behind her with some finality.

 

 

Part II Evan

 

He’s lying on his back, the dorm room warm with the yellow light from the lamp on his desk, throwing the tennis ball he usually uses to roll out his muscles up and down.

“How can you not have a favourite food?”

Regulus sighs from the other bed. “I don’t know. I just…don’t.”

“You have to.”

“I don’t.”

“There must be something that you just crave sometimes—like when you’re having a bad day or you’re missing home?”

There’s a short pause and then in a slightly quieter voice. “No.”

Evan frowns up at the ceiling. “Wasn’t there something your mom used to make when you were a kid that you just couldn’t get enough of?”

Regulus snorts. “My mom doesn’t cook.”

“Your dad was the cook huh? Very progressive, good for him.”

Another pause. Sometimes talking to Regulus feels a bit like playing a game of Operation. Pulling information out of him piece by piece, but always aware that his boundaries are right there and if you brush up against them it’s game over.

“Neither of my parents cooked—or cook—they hired nannies for that.”

Evan catches his tennis ball before turning to look at Regulus. “Nannies? Shit, how rich are you?”

Evan grew up playing hockey, he isn’t new to being around people with money. Around people with more money than him. But Regulus doesn’t remind him of any of the guys he grew up with. He doesn’t have a car as far as Evan can tell, doesn’t wear particularly nice clothes, doesn’t brag about tropical family vacations. Evan grew up with guys who did all of that, but not one of them had a nanny.

“Too rich probably,” Regulus says finally, voice tight.

Evan squints, trying to figure him out. “So your parents never cooked for you?”

Regulus gives his head a small shake. “We didn’t really do family dinners, not unless it was a special occasion. Usually it was me, Sirius and the nanny. And then later it was just…me.”

That, Evan can’t help but think, is fucking depressing. “My mom,” he starts, not sure if he’s about to make things worse or better, “when we were growing up, she would make this Mac n’ Cheese, with like, four different kinds of cheese in it. And then she’d put it under the broiler so the top got all crunchy,” his stomach growls just thinking about it. “Fucking incredible.”

Regulus looks at him, faint smile on his face. “Your favourite food is Mac n’ Cheese? How predictable.”

“No, I’m telling you, this Mac n’ Cheese is like no other Mac n’ Cheese on the planet, I’ll make it for you and you’ll see.”

Regulus blinks at him. “You’ll make it for me?”

Evan shrugs. “Sure, I’ll get my mum to send me the recipe.”

Regulus just keeps looking at him like he’s speaking a foreign language. “We don’t have a kitchen,” he says finally.

“There’s a kitchen downstairs,” Regulus makes a face that has Evan laughing. “Okay, I’ll clean the kitchen and then I’ll cook for you. Happy?”

Regulus chews on his bottom lip. “That’s—you don’t have to do that.”

Evan smiles. “I know. But I wanna. You have to have a favourite food and my mom’s Mac n’ Cheese will definitely win you over.”

Something complicated flashes across Regulus’s face but before Evan can figure it out his phone rings. He reaches for it, checking the caller ID. “Shit, sorry, gotta get this.” Already on his feet and heading for the hall.

“What’s up Danny?” he asks when he’s outside. He leans against the wall by the door.

“Hey Rosy, just double checking you have the stuff for tomorrow night?”

Evan, being taller and more filled out than any of the other rookies, has been designated the official alcohol acquirer. It’s a position he’s used to. His height having always worked better than most guys’ fake IDs.”

“Yeah dude, I got it, don’t worry.”

“Cool, cool.” Danny is a winger, usually benched but super eager. Evan once watched him trip over himself trying to hold the door open for Potter. “What do you think’s gonna happen?”

Evan laughs. “What the fuck makes you think something is gonna happen?”

“Oh c’mon, you’ve heard the stories.”

“I think hockey players like to talk shit, I also think they like to scare the new guys.”

Danny hums, not sounding particularly convinced. “You have to admit, it is a little mysterious though right? Like we have a party and then, bam, random group text.”

It had been a little mysterious. An unknown number sending all the rookies an address, day, time and order to come loaded with booze.

“Probably just the guys wanting another excuse to get drunk. But I guess we’ll see tomorrow yeah?”

“Yeah,” Danny agrees. Then laughs. “I’m honestly fucking excited dude. We barely had any parties back home.”

Evan had had one or two on the farm. His parents were always pretty happy to let him have people over. Though there’s something different about these parties. Now that there are no parents hanging out upstairs.

“Yeah,” Evan hears himself say. “Yeah me too. Talk to you later alright?”

“Later.”

He stares at his phone for a few seconds before pulling up the text he got early yesterday morning.

 

(902) 555-7094:

ATTENTION ROOKIES

MANDATORY ATTENDENCE

86 CARTHA AVE, 8PM SAT.

BYOB MOTHERFUCKERS

 

He’s sure it’ll be just what he said, another excuse for them all to get drunk out of their minds before the season really gets going. But there’s the smallest itch of nervousness in his chest. Because Danny is right. He has heard the stories.

When he walks back into the room Regulus is sitting at his desk, working. The dude can’t go five seconds without doing something productive. Evan doesn’t think he’s ever met anyone so high strung in his life. He’s worried about him honestly. He doesn’t sleep much, must be living off granola bars because Evan rarely sees him in the meal hall, and he doesn’t know what Regulus’s deal with his phone is but he’s taken to hiding it around the room. Like he’s afraid of it. Like he wants to pretend it doesn’t exist.   

“Who was that?” Regulus asks before immediately pulling a face. “Sorry, that’s none of my business. You don’t have to answer.”

Evan laughs, collapsing back onto his bed. “It’s fine. It was just team stuff.”

“Ah.” Regulus says, turning back to his school work.

Evan yawns, eyelids growing heavy. He likes this team. He likes it a lot. It isn’t, maybe, the team he thought he’d have. Actually nothing this year has worked out the way he thought it would, back when he would daydream about it in high school. But maybe that’s okay. Or at least, maybe he can be okay with it. Eventually.

 

 

“This it?”

Evan looks up at the big old house in front of him, lawn littered with cans and red solo cups. One window has a Griffin’s team flag pulled across it, the other has a “Saturdays are for the boys” banner.

“Google maps says yes,” Dany looks down at his phone one more time before sliding it into his pocket. “Well…should we…?” he nods towards the house.

“Yeah, yeah.” Evan is holding a paper bag full of so much alcohol that he is positive it’s going to rip any minute. He clutches it protectively to his chest as they make their way up the front steps. Being the guy who brings the booze makes you a hero, being the guy who lets it smash right outside the party makes you a fucking dickhead. 

For a second they just stand on the porch, staring at the door.

“Do you think we’re supposed to knock?” Dany asks.

Evan snorts. “Do you think they’d be able to hear us?”

“Fair.”

Still, neither of them moves.

“Should we see if the door’s open?”    

Dany shuffles nervously between his feet. “Seems a bit rude doesn’t it? Just…” he gestures at the door. “Barging in.”

“I feel like they won’t mind.”

“Well then why don’t you do it?”

Evan looks at him. “I would, but I don’t exactly have hands at the moment.” He shakes the alcohol.

“Oh yeah…” there’s a pause and then: “Well why don’t you give me the bag and then you can open the door?”

“Dude just fucking—“

But it turns out neither of them has to take on the responsibility of opening the door, because it opens itself. Nicolai Mulciber stands on the other side, the only guy on the team taller than Evan and significantly heftier. There’s a cigarette in his mouth—probably the reason he opened the door in the first place—and a bottle of vodka in his hand.

He looks startled for a second before a grin spreads across his face. “Boys,” he says, stepping aside and gesturing them in. “Welcome.”

 

 

Part III Regulus

 

 It’s okay.

This is okay.

It’s fine.

If he can get the research project for his Market Management class done in the next two hours then he can move on to the annotated bibliography his Law professor wants and then maybe organize some of the files Lucius emailed him today and still have time to take a fifteen minute shower before he has to go into the office tomorrow morning.

His eyes flick up to the top corner of his laptop.

10:05 PM

Anxiety presses against his sternum.

But it’s fine.

He can totally handle this.

He can totally—

“Hm, hm,” someone clears their throat beside his table and for a moment all the stress fades away and Regulus feels his heart do an embarrassing flip-floppy thing in his chest.

He’s smiling when he looks up. “This is starting to become a bad habi—“ he cuts himself off when he realizes that it isn’t James Potter trying to get his attention.

Severus arches one dark eyebrow. “Expecting someone?” he asks, Regulus can’t help but wonder if Severus leers at everyone like that or if he’s just special.

“No I—“ but denial is stupid because clearly he thought Severus was someone else, so Regulus quickly cuts himself off before he can embarrass himself more, shaking his head and trying a new approach. “Is there something you want?”

He can’t quite imagine what has motivated Severus to willing speak to him. Though this question is answered soon enough when the older boy glances down at the book currently lying open by Regulus’s elbow.

“I need that,” the dark haired boy says curtly. “And according to the librarians that’s the only copy so…”

Regulus just blinks back at him. “So…?” he waits for Severus to say something else, maybe offer up a possible solution to this problem. But he doesn’t.

“Let me get this straight,” Regulus goes on eventually. “You want me to give you the book I’m currently using because…you need it? Jeez, I sure hope you’re not studying law because I gotta tell you Severus that’s not exactly a compelling argument.”   

Severus glowers at him. He’s very good at that. Glowering. Scowling. Glaring. If unhappiness was an art Severus Snape would be Michelangelo. “Can’t you just fucking buy a copy?” he snaps.

Regulus continues to stare at him. “At ten o’clock at night? No. Not really. If you needed it so badly you should have gotten here earlier.”

He can practically hear Severus grinding his teeth. “I couldn’t. I had work.”

Regulus feels his face scrunch up in confusion. “What? The office is closed today.” Not that that had stopped Lucius from sending him multiple emails.

Severus looks at Regulus like he’s the biggest idiot he’s ever met. “Our unpaid internship is not a fucking job. Jobs are things people have because they need money to survive. A concept that I’m sure you find difficult to grasp, but do us all a favour and try won’t you?”

“Wait,” Regulus says, ignoring the insults. “So you’re a full-time student, plus the internship, plus another job?”

The leering is back. “Not all of us get to live off of mommy’s bank account.”

Regulus’s eyes narrow. “You know, for someone who seems to have such a problem with the wealthy it’s weird that you’ve chosen to be friends with the biggest rich kid asshole I have ever met.”

“Nicolai Mulciber is not my friend,” he says that last word with particular disdain. As though friendships in general are beneath him.

“Could’ve fooled me.”

“I’m sure it’s not hard to do,” Severus says flatly, and then, before Regulus can snap back. “Mulciber is not my friend. He’s simply…necessary.”

That explains absolutely nothing.

“Necessary?”

“Yes, do I have to explain to you how the world works? You wanna make it in life you need to have connections. Rich people are born with connections, the rest of us have to beg borrow and steal them. Now let me have the fucking book.”

To be fair, that might be the first thing Severus has said to him that’s made actual sense. After a moment of hesitating Regulus kicks out the chair next to him. Severus looks at it and then back at Regulus, brow arched.   

“I need this book to finish my research project, so if you want it, we’re gonna have to share.”

For a moment Severus looks at him as though he’s completely lost it and then he turns his eyes heavenward, seemingly asking for guidance. Or maybe for someone to smite him, who knows.

Either way, he ends up in the seat next to Regulus.

 

 

Part IV Evan

 

Evan loves hockey, he does. And he’s good at it. But he has to admit, his second love has, and will always be, beer pong. And if he could go pro in it, he absolutely would.

“That’s what I’m talking about!” he laughs as he high-fives the guy next to him after another victory. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he holds his arms out wide. “You’re looking at a champion.”

There are scattered laughs and boos as Evan brings his cup to his mouth only to realize that it’s empty. He makes a disappointed face, staring at the bottom of the cup for several seconds before it clicks that he has the ability to get more alcohol.

It’s possible that he’s a little drunk.

Evan laughs and play fights with some of the guys on his way to the kitchen. Making jokes and knocking shoulders. He’s in a good mood. A great mood even.

What do you think it’ll be like, college?

Dunno. Beer pong and babes?

A juvenile snort.

Beer pong and babes?

And you.

Me?

Yeah. Always you Bee.

His hand slips on the condensation of the bottle he’s currently holding, which luckily lands on the table just underneath it. There have been voices finding their way into his head all night. Voices he’s been pretty good at keeping at bay these past few weeks. Been too busy to think about. Well…except the night he got those texts.

Evan closes his eyes briefly, leaning forward and gripping the edge of the table. He just needs a second to recalibrate. To make the sad things quiet again so he can be the happy go lucky guy everyone expects. It isn’t a lie, not really. Sometimes it just comes a little less naturally than others.

At that moment a hot heavy hand comes down between his shoulder blades. It’s meant to be a friendly gesture but the force behind it knocks him into the table, causing some of the bottles to clank and fall over.

“Rosy what the hell?” Mulciber says, picking up his empty cup and turning it over.

Evan laughs, hoping it doesn’t sound as strained as it feels. “Yeah sorry, just about to refill that,” he reaches for it but Mulciber pulls away.

“Nuh-uh, not so fast—hey everyone!!” Mulciber has a big voice, the type that makes people stop and listen. Everyone starts turning towards them and Evan catches sight of Pettigrew, hovering nervously in the kitchen doorway. He’s been doing that all night—hovering—like without Potter and Black he can’t relax.

“Rosy here has an empty cup!”

A chorus of boos fill up the room and Evan once again gives a self-deprecating laugh, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I know, I know guys. I swear I’m getting a drink now.”

But Mulciber only grins at him, canines slipping over his bottom lip. “Nah, I don’t think that’s gonna be enough anymore. Is that gonna be enough boys?”

A slightly less organized response of “boo’s” and “no’s” fill the space.

Evan is already a little tipsy so maybe he’s just not keeping up but he doesn’t understand what’s going on. He gives Mulciber a bemused smile. “Er—okay…what would be enough then?”

Muciber reaches past him towards the table, picking up an unopened bottle of some hard liquor—tequila maybe?—before pressing it into Evan’s hands. Evan blinks, looking down and then back up at Mulciber, still not following. Not until the older boy says: “Chug it.”

Cheers irrupt from the guys around them but Evan just laughs again. “Oh come on, the whole thing? I’m a big guy, but I’m not that big,” plus he’s already way closer to wasted than sober.

But Mulciber only shrugs his shoulders. “Sorry Rosy, those are the rules.”

Which is not true, but before Evan can point that out, Mulciber starts to chant.

“Chug, chug, chug.”

And, well, there’s nothing a room full of athletes likes better than a chant. It catches on almost immediately, everyone looking at him, voices growing louder as people in other parts of the house hear and join in. Evan is feeling very hot, still trying to laugh it off.

“Come on guys,” because they can’t be serious. “I’ll take a shot yeah? I can’t chug the whole thing I’ll be fucked.” If anyone is listening to him he can’t tell, the chanting continuing.

Evan looks around helplessly until Mulciber steps up to him, right into his space. He puts a hand on Evan’s shoulder, once again a gesture that should be friendly except Mulciber is putting three times the amount of force into it.

“You want them to think you’re pussy Rosier?” he hisses in his ear. “You’re their defence, you’re supposed to protect them. How the fuck are we gonna win games if they can’t trust you?”

“Nick—“

“You want my fucking spot?” his fingers dig into Evan’s muscles and it takes significant effort not to wince. “Then man the fuck up,” he taps the bottle in Evan’s hands before stepping back again.

“Chug, chug, chug.”

Evan can feel the sweat soaking through his shirt, rolling down his back, the house that had felt so big when they got there is now shrinking and Evan can’t help but feel that there is increasingly less air in here.

“Chug, chug, chug.”

Man the fuck up.

He’s heard that before.

After all the time and energy I put into you, that’s the best you can give me? I need you to man the fuck up. And cutout whatever sissy shit that was back there.

Evan shuts his eyes again. The voices are too loud and he can’t deal with them right now, he’s barely coping with what’s right in front of him.

“Chug, chug, chug.”

He wonders if he’ll be able to wait them out, if they’ll get bored. But one look at Mulciber’s face tells him that that’s not going to happen.

The problem is, Evan likes this team. And he wants them to like him back.

He hates me.

Bee—

He hates me and he doesn’t even know how much.

Evan doesn’t remember making the decision exactly. But one minute he’s desperately trying to find a way out and the next he has his lips wrapped around the mouth of a bottle, cheering filling the room as the liquid sets his insides on fire.

 

 

Part V James

 

Would you rather have a tail or horns? James signs. He’s over at Sirius and Remus’s. They’re meant to be trying to get work done but quite frankly James is too tired and too hungover to focus on anything.

Horns, Sirius grins. Definitely horns.

James nods in agreement. Yeah, definitely horns. Can you imagine facing off with horns poking through your helmet? The other team would shit themselves.

Doubt you’d even need a helmet if you had horns.

True.

Remus is looking between the both of them like he’s trying to figure out what he did to deserve this. I thought we were working on biology? Also you’re both wrong, tails are the actual useful appendages in this scenario.

I mean this is kind of biology, Sirius signs, making Remus roll his eyes. Also horns are totally useful!

James is about to chime in when his phone starts vibrating in his back pocket. “Oh hey, it’s Pete!” he says when he pulls it out.

“Peeetttiiieee,” Sirius shouts, totally unnecessarily. “Maybe he’s finally over that flu or whatever.”

“Yeah, maybe. Or maybe he just wants us to bring him some soup.” James holds the phone to his ear. “What’s up Pete?”

“James.”

James sits up immediately.

“What is it? Peter what’s happened, are you okay?”

“James I’m sorry. I fucked up—I think I fucked up.”

James shakes his head even though Peter can’t see, getting to his feet. “It’s okay. Whatever it is it’s okay. Just tell me what’s happening?” Because something is. This is an “I need help” phone call if James has ever heard one.

Peter exhales. “Mulciber and some of the other guys, they decided to throw another rookie party without you,” that information doesn’t make sense at first. James almost asks Peter to repeat himself. Mulciber is an asshole, sure, but most of the guys on the team are good guys. They’re his guys. They wouldn’t go behind his back like that. And how does Peter know about it?

How does—

Oh.

Oh.

Oh. 

For a moment a spark of rage so strong that James actually has to close his eyes so he doesn’t break his phone rushes through him. There is buzzing in his ears but he forces himself to concentrate because Peter is still going. “I thought—I don’t know—I thought it would be okay. But now—fuck, he’s taking them to the roof.”

“The roof?” James repeats.

“Yeah, he’s gonna make them play chicken. Half of them already can’t fucking stand they’re so drunk and I think—fuck I think someone’s gonna get hurt or—“ he cuts himself off, not able to finish that thought. “James, I don’t know what to do.”

“Give me the address.”

“James—“

“Give. Me. The address. Now.”

“What the fuck is happening?” Sirius demands the second James is off the phone. But James doesn’t bother explaining.

“We have to go.”

He starts moving towards the door when Remus grabs his arm, yanking him back. “What?” he says, James can see the panic in his eyes and instantly feels a pang of guilt. “Is he okay? Is Peter okay I can’t—I’m not keeping up, I’m sorry.”

He’s okay, James signs quickly. Some of the guys on the team are just being idiots but we’ll sort them out. And then: Don’t be sorry.

Remus just nods, Are you sure you don’t want me to come with you?

No, he has no idea what they’ll be walking into. Thanks but no. “Sirius?”

“Yeah, I got it, lets go,” Sirius squeezes Remus’s shoulder as he heads for the door, James giving Remus an apologetic look before following after. 

“Where are we going?” Sirius asks, boots half on as they jog out onto the main street.

James gives him a look “Mac’s old house.”

“Of fucking course.”

 

 

Luckily most student housing is in the same four block radius so it doesn’t take them long to get there, James’s thoughts racing the whole time. Mac was a piece of work but Mulciber—Mulciber is another breed entirely. He has no fucking idea what’s been going on in that house but he knows it can’t be good.

Sirius’s laces slap against the concrete as they race up to the familiar building, James not bothering to stop at the door, throwing it open with so much force that it bangs into the wall behind it. There’s music still blasting, cups and bottles and other debris spread out, someone throwing up in the living room.

“James?” Peter is standing on the stairs, looking pale. “I tried to tell him it was stupid but he’s—“

“Where?” is all James says, pushing past him as he races up the stairs.

“There’s a fire escape, off the third floor balcony,” Peter says behind him. “That’s how you get to the roof.”

Fuck, is all James can think. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

He storms into two bedrooms before he finds the door to the balcony, feeling a bit like he’s in some kind of funhouse. Or nightmare. Like he can’t seem to move fast enough. Him and Sirius race outside, spotting the short metal ladder attached to the house that leads up over their heads. He can hear Mulciber now.

“Time to take another step boys.” 

As James’s head comes up above the roof he sees the line of rookies all swaying as they inch closer to the edge. Upper years hanging back, laughing, joking, Mulciber with his back to them. 

“Oh come on, what kind of fucking steps were those? Anderson, you asshole, you barely moved!”

James heaves himself onto the roof, which is slanted, hard enough to get your footing on under regular circumstances let alone drunk. He does his best to collect himself, breathing heavy as he asses the situation, he can hear Sirius coming up behind him. What James wants to do is beat the shit out of Mulciber. But there are still a bunch of drunk assholes on a roof so he’ll need to keep his head at least until they’re on solid ground again.

“What’s the plan captain,” Sirius whispers beside him.

James takes a deep breath, and then: “Hey boys!” loud enough to be heard but hopefully not loud enough to startle them. Mulciber’s head whips around, as do some of the other upper years, suddenly standing at attention like mom and dad just got home. James ignores them, eyes focused on the rookies who are all still standing dangerously close to the edge of the roof. “You can come back up now, games over, you all win.”

He walks forward slowly, resisting the urge to run down and drag each of them back himself. But he has to be careful about this, he doesn’t want to startle anyone into falling. When he meets Sirius’s eye his best friend nods, understanding, the two of them moving cautiously towards the confused looking rookies.

One or two have stepped back, but some of the others are wary, afraid it’s a trick. That this is some evolution of the game. See who’s gullible enough to fall for it.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Mulciber demands, trying to get in James’s way, but he just pushes him aside, still moving towards the edge of the roof.

“Come on guys, we’re going back inside!” he shouts, the night hadn’t felt particularly windy down on the ground but now that he’s up here he can feel it pushing against him. See it pushing on the boys swaying in front of him. It would be so fucking easy for one of them to fall. Too fucking easy. 

Sirius, who isn’t being intercepted by Mulciber, has reached the rookies now, physically pulling them back one by one. Most of them stumble and crawl, completely fucked up.

“Hey!” Mulciber gives James a shove right in the centre of his chest, forcing him backwards and knocking the air clean out of him. “What the fuck are you doing, this has nothing to do with you!”

James glares, hands shaking with barely contained rage. “It’s my fucking team,” he snaps shoving Mulciber back. He barely moves.

“Really? Because you sure as hell don’t act like it.”

“Oh fuck off. What is wrong with you?”

“You!” Mulciber shouts, giving James another shove. “You and your pansy attitude. Too afraid to get your hands dirty. You’re weak Potter and it’s gonna infect this team.”

“I’m weak? What, because I don’t wanna get someone killed?” James shouts back, chest bumping into Mulciber’s. “What the fuck do you think you’re proving here Nick? What the fuck does any of this have to do with hockey!? I’m sorry that you weren’t hugged enough as a child and that your dick is the size of my pinky finger but this shit only makes you look more pathetic and it stops now, you hear me? It stops now!”

Mulciber’s face has contorted with anger and he towers over James, eyes burning with hatred. There is a good chance that Nicolai Mulciber is going to hit him. A good chance he isn’t going to stop. And James is almost positive he isn’t going to be able to do anything about it, but he’ll be damned if he backs down now.

“James!” Sirius’s panicked voice cuts across the roof and James instantly feels his stomach drop.

Someone fell.

That’s all he can think.

Someone fell.

Oh shit.

Oh shit.

Oh shit.

“What? What is it?” he doesn’t even look at Mulciber as he steps around him, wonders for half a heartbeat if the other boy is going to stop him but he doesn’t. Just scoffs, muttering something under his breath.

Sirius isn’t standing at the roof’s edge but a few feet back, crouched over a body on the ground. James’s stomach drops for the second time when he realizes who it is.

“Rosy,” Sirius is saying, shaking his shoulders. “Rosy? Hey? Hey? wake up? Rosy?”

But Evan doesn’t move. Doesn’t groan or twitch. Nothing.

Sirius looks at James when he drops down beside him. “I don’t know how long he’s been like this,” those still able to stand have started to crowd around them. James notices, almost absentmindedly, that that includes Peter. “But he’s not responding and his pulse is fucking slow.”

James nods, heart pounding behind his ribs. He takes Rosy’s wrist in his hand, trying to feel his pulse for himself. Rosy's skin is slick with sweat but cold to the touch, and alarm bells go off in James’s brain immediately. This is not just a kid who is black out drunk. This is something else. This is something worse.

He reaches for his phone.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Mulciber is immediately back in James’s space.

“Calling an ambulance,” James has barely got his phone unlocked when it’s pulled out of his hands. “What the hell!” he gets to his feet, trying to snatch it back from Mulciber but the asshole just shoves him.

“What kind of idiot are you, you can’t call the cops!”

James doesn’t have the patience for this. He looks over Mulciber’s shoulder. “Pete?”

“Yeah?” Peter steps forward almost tentatively.

“Call 911.”

Peter’s eyes go wide but before he can react Mulciber is there, stepping in again. “No.”

James laughs. Because it’s laugh or scream. “I’m not fucking fighting about this. Pete, call 911. Now.”

“If you call the cops the team is going to get reamed over this, it’s gonna be a news story for fuck’s sake. We could get suspended!”

“AND WHOSE FAULT IS THAT!” James shouts, voice echoing around them. He sounds angry, which is good, because what he feels is fucking terrified. “Pete,” he exhales, words shaking. “Call.”

But Peter’s eyes are bouncing nervously between him and Mulciber. “Maybe we should wait. Rosy might be fine…”

“Exactly,” Mulciber jumps in. “You’re putting the team at risk for no reason.”

James doesn’t have the words, mouth opening and closing as he stares at Peter in horror. The other boy shrinking away.

“Pete—“ his voice choked.

“Here,” its’s Sirius, shoving his phone into James’s hand. “Call, now.”

Sirius doesn’t look at anyone, immediately going back to trying to shake Evan awake, hands on his shoulders, voice a constant hum. “Rosy? Evan? Come on, wake up, wake up. You gotta open your eyes buddy, come on.”

James’s hands are trembling so badly that it takes him a few tries to dial 911.

“You little bitch—“ Mulciber moves forward but this time James is ready, scrambling out of his reach and closer to the edge of the roof than he would like. “You’re supposed to care about the team!”

“Evan is team!” James shouts back.

Mulciber growls, moving forward again but this time it’s Peter who steps between them.

“Pettigrew—“

“Enough Nick, it’s done.”

The two stare at one another and honestly James doesn’t know how to feel about any of it but it doesn’t matter because at that moment a staticky female voice comes through the speaker.

“911 what’s your emergency?”

“Hi,” and for a moment James’s brain short circuits and he doesn’t know what to say next, doesn’t even know where to start. He’s never done this before.

“Hello?”

He blinks. “Yeah, hi, sorry. Um—I need an ambulance to 88 Cartha Avenue, we’re on the roof.”

“Okay,” the woman says calmly. “And what’s your emergency?”

James squeezes his eyes shut. “Right—sorry—there’s—my friend, he’s passed out, we don’t know how long he’s been unconscious for but his pulse is slow and he—he feels cold.”

“Okay. And do you have any idea what happened to him?”

“Alcohol, I think it’s alcohol poisoning.”

“Okay,” she says, voice dead, emotionless. “And that’s all? No other substances were consumed?”

“Uh—I don’t—I don’t—“ he looks up at the boys standing around him, most look back at him confused, some afraid. All the while he can hear Sirius in the background:

Come on Rosy.

Wake up.

Wake up.

Wake up.

“Did he take anything else?” James finally manages to ask, not even sure who he’s talking to.

There’s silence, blank stares.

“Did he fucking take anything else?” James growls.

Another pause and then:

“Rohypnol.”

It’s Mulciber who speaks, voice flat.

James thinks he’s going to throw-up.

“Rohypnol,” he repeats to the woman on the phone, voice cracking.

Come on Rosy.

Wake up.

Wake up.

Wake up.

“Okay, the ambulance is on its way, just stay on the phone with me until they get there, alright?”

James inhales. “Okay,” and then looking at the people still crowded around he moves the phone momentarily away from his mouth. “Pete,” barely able to look at him. “Get them back inside, yeah?”

This time Peter doesn’t argue. Just nods his head.

“What’s your name?” the woman on the phone asks.

“James Fleamont Potter.”

“And how old are you?”

“Twenty.”

“And your friend?”

James looks down at Evan. “Seventeen,” he almost whispers.

“Okay good, and what’s his name?”

“Evan Rosier—I—I’m not sure if he has a middle name.”

“That’s alright. Is he still non-responsive?”

Come on Rosy.

Wake up.

Wake up.

Wake up.

“Yes.”

 

 

James couldn’t tell you how long he stays on the phone. How long it takes the Paramedics to get there, to take one look at Evan before deciding to load him into the ambulance on a stretcher. James isn’t sure if he’s allowed to ride with them but he doesn’t ask, not letting Evan out of his sight.

“I’ll meet you there,” Sirius says.

James only nods, the doors of the ambulance slamming shut. He doesn’t know where Peter is. Where Mulciber is. He doesn’t care. Evan is immediately hooked up to monitors, IVs stuck in his arms. James takes his hand and squeezes.

“You guys a frat house?” the EMT across from him asks. He’s shinning one of those tiny flashlights into Evan’s eyes, checking his pupils.

“N-no,” James has to clear his throat. “Hockey team.”

The man looks up at him briefly, grunting. “Even worse.”

James grimaces, squeezing Evan’s hand tighter.

They’re nearly at the hospital when Evan moves. Finally moves.

“Rosy,” James says, the EMT standing up and running him over, checking his vitals and probably other things James doesn’t know anything about.

Evan groans, shifting slightly and then a second later turning his head and vomiting.

“Okay, alright buddy,” the EMT brings a bucket over. “Help me roll him onto his side so he doesn’t choke,” he orders James. With some effort they manage to get Evan on his side, the ambulance now reeking of puke and sweat, Evan shaky and clammy under James’s hands.

“We’re almost there,” the EMT says, though James isn’t sure if he’s talking to him or Evan.

It isn’t until there’s a break in Evan puking his guts out that James realizes he isn’t just shaking. He’s sobbing.

“Evan,” he breathes, hand running up and down his back the way his mum does when he gets sick.

“I’m sorry,” Evan’s words are thick and slurred. 

For a minute James’s desire to hurt Nicolai Mulciber is almost unbearable. “This isn’t your fault Evan. None of it is your fault.”

“I didn’t want to leave.”

Which is the moment that James realizes Evan isn’t talking to him. That he probably doesn’t even realize James is there.

“But you were breaking my heart.”

James has heard people say those words before.

You’re breaking my heart.

But he knows now that he’s never heard anyone mean them.

Because when they tear themselves out of Evan’s mouth, messy and half-formed and gasping for breath, they get blood everywhere.

They leave Evan in pieces. 

 

 

Part VI Regulus

 

He watches Severus copy down notes at what feels like a painfully slow pace, his foot tapping impatiently on the tile floor.

“That isn’t helping me concentrate Black,” the older boy growls, not bothering to look up from his notebook.

“Well I need to go back to my chapter Snape.”

“You can flip back when I’m done.”

“Then hurry up!”

“Sorry, I’m sure the concept of patience is not something that you were taught in your McMansion—“

“Oh my god, would you let it go?”

“Sure. The minute you and your brother stop acting like the world owes you something.”

Regulus groans, dropping his head down onto his arms. If he thought that offering to share his textbook with Snape would result in some sort of truce between them he was sadly mistaken.

After several minutes during which the sounds of Severus’s pen scratching on paper are all he can hear, Regulus turns to look at him, just tired enough to say: “What’s the deal with you and my brother anyway? Why do you hate him so much—him specifically? He never talks about you.” He doesn’t mean that last bit to sound quite as callous as it does. 

Severus snorts. “I’m sure he doesn’t.” Regulus is expecting that to be the end of it but after a few more seconds the older boy sighs. “You ever had someone make you feel like…” he stops, hand hovering above the page in front of him. “Like you’re nothing?” he says finally. “More worthless than the dirt under their shoes?”

Pet, Regulus almost wants to spit at him. Just to make clear how ridiculous it is that Severus is asking him that question, of all people. The other boy seems to get there on his own because he goes on without waiting for Regulus to reply.

“Yeah well, for me it’s your brother,” and while that’s still sinking in. “And Potter.”

“James?” Regulus repeats. “Why would James—“

“Regulus!”

He turns around, startled to see Sirius jogging towards them through the library.

“Oh fuck me,” Severus mutters beside him.

Regulus’s face scrunches. “Sirius? What are you doing here? Also you know you can’t shout in the library right?”

Sirius ignores him. “Why aren’t you answering your fucking phone?” he snaps, angry.

Regulus instantly feels his cheeks heat. “I—I forgot it.”

“Are you fucking kidding me? Regulus how the hell is anyone ever supposed to get a hold of you?”

He’s angrier than he should be and Regulus doesn’t understand why, feels flustered, feels Severus’s eyes burning holes in his back. Feels embarrassed. Because he didn’t forget it. He left it behind. If he doesn’t have his phone than people can’t get to him. Than he doesn’t have to deal with…anything.

“I’m sorry, I—“

But Sirius cuts him off. “Come on, get up, lets go.”

“Go where?” he asks, even though he does as he’s told, getting out of his seat.

“Rosy is in the hospital, which you would know if you ever had your goddamn phone.”

Regulus’s heart drops into the pit of his stomach, his laptop nearly falling out of his hands. “What?” he practically whispers.

For the first time Sirius’s anger seems to subside. “Yeah,” he says more gently. “And I’ve just wasted like thirty minutes trying to track you down, so lets not waste anymore time alright?”

Fuck

Fuck.

His hands shake as he tries to get his laptop back in its case, shoving it in his backpack before looking helplessly at the notes and books he’s spread out on the table.

“Black.”

He looks over at Severus who has a peculiar expression on his face. “Leave it,” he says shortly. “I’ll drop it off at the office for you alright? Just go.”

For a second Regulus just blinks at him. “Thank you,” he finally manages.

Severus doesn’t say anything, just grunts as he turns back to his notes.

“Regulus,” Sirius says urgently, sparing Severus one despairing look before tugging lightly on Regulus’s elbow. “C’mon, lets go.”

And so they do. 

 

 

Part VII James

 

He’s sitting in the waiting room, elbows on his knees, face in his hands. He’s pretty sure Evan’s parents have been called but they’re far away, a few hours drive at least. Coach has been called too but it’s late and James isn’t sure if he picked up or not. People have been talking to him, asking questions, but everything’s a bit of a blur. All he keeps thinking is that he wishes there were some grown-ups around to handle this. Which is stupid, because he’s twenty-years old. But right now that doesn’t feel like it means anything.

The cops are going to want to talk to him. Underage drinking. Drugs. His brain managed to grasp onto that particular piece of information.

They have to pump Evan’s stomach. He knows that too.

The hospital is out of focus, moving around him like he isn’t there, bright fluorescents overhead so intense they burn his eyes, the smell of antiseptic making his head hurt. He stares at the small patch of tile between his feet, because that’s all his overstimulated brain can manage. And he breathes. 

He wants to call his parents. He wants to call his parents but he’s afraid.

Afraid they’ll be disappointed in him.

“James!”

His head pops up at the sound of his name, Sirius barrelling down the hallway towards him with a pale looking Regulus following behind.

“Hey,” James croaks, getting to his feet even though he doesn’t know why, it’s not like they have anywhere to go. As soon as Sirius reaches him he pulls him into a hug and James feels himself lean into it a little more than usual.

“How is he?” Sirius asks when he pulls back. “What’s happening?”

James lets out a breath, “He woke up, in the ambulance, right before we got here. He started throwing up, the EMT said that was good. But he lost consciousness again pretty soon after and the doctors still decided that he needed to have his stomach pumped so that’s what they’re doing now, I think.”

“But he’ll be okay?”

James looks over at Regulus, his eyes are wide, and he looks scared. James has the ridiculous urge to fix it.

“Yeah, yeah he’ll be okay.”

James hopes that’s true.

“They said that they‘ll come out and tell us when we can see him,” he goes on. “I’m not sure how many of us are gonna be allowed back but—“

“I’m not going to let him be alone,” Regulus says resolutely, like he thinks James is going to fight him on it.

“Come on Reg, no one’s gonna let him be alone,” Sirius says softly, knocking their shoulders together. James has to look away, to resist the urge to touch him.

It’s because of that, that he sees who else is coming down the hall.

“Oh you have got to be kidding me.”

“What?” Sirius asks, but James is already pushing past him, trying to cut Mulciber off before he can get any closer.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” he growls as he reaches the other boy, standing directly in his way.

“You really think I trust you to handle this? To cover for us?”

James laughs. “Cover for you? What the fuck do you think this is Nick?” he gets a dirty look from a passing nurse and instantly lowers his voice. “There is no cover, there’s just the truth.”

“Oh and you know what that is do you?”

“I have a pretty good idea, yeah.”

A sneer makes its way across Mulciber’s face. “The drugs were Pettigrew’s idea,” delivered like the knock out punch in a fight. “Did you know that oh wise one?”

All of the air leaks out of James’s lungs. “What?” and then: “Bullshit.”

Mulciber’s glee only grows. “You sure about that?”

James doesn’t know what to think. His head is pounding and he’s fucking exhausted and he doesn’t think Peter would do that but he also didn’t think Peter would go behind his back with Mulciber of all people. Didn’t think that Peter would stand there and refuse to call 911 for someone who needed it.

But do you tell the cops about the drugs?

asks the voice in his head.

If it could get Peter in trouble? If it could lead back to him? Do you tell the cops about the drugs? 

Mulciber’s cold laugh breaks him out of his thoughts. “Now who’s coming up with a cover?” he sneers, tilting his head to the side. “You see Potter, you and I aren’t so different. Both looking out for our boys.”

The comparison makes James feel nauseous. “Is that what you were doing tonight? Looking out for your boys? I think Rosy might disagree.”

But Mulciber isn’t cowed, “Listen, I did you a favour. At least now you know what he’s made of. At least now you know he isn’t worth shit,” he laughs again. “Pathetic how little it took to wipe him out. And it’ll be the same on the ice. What fucking good is a weak D-man Potter? That fucking pansy isn’t protecting shi—“

At first James thinks he’s the one who’s punched Mulciber. He’s thought about it enough tonight, and it happens so quickly that he’s almost positive his body just went on autopilot. Instincts taking over. Except that, in the next second, when Nicolai Mulciber is on the ground—one of the scariest motherfuckers James has ever met whether he wants to admit it or not—it isn’t James standing over him. It definitely isn’t James putting his foot on his windpipe and pressing down.

It’s Regulus.

“You come anywhere near Evan again and I’ll fucking kill you,” Regulus isn’t shouting, he doesn’t sound hysterical. It’s the opposite honestly. This might be the most settled James has ever seen him, his voice cold and sharp, and something in James fucking burns with it.

“Okay, alright, Jesus, enough Reg,” Sirius comes up behind him, pulling Regulus away with little resistance. Mulciber instantly sits up, coughing and choking, dropping his head between his knees, trying to catch his breath.

“You sick fucking psych—"

“I wouldn’t finish that sentence if I were you,” James says, causing Mulciber to glare up at him, some other insult on his tongue no doubt when:

“James Potter?”

They all turn back towards the waiting room.

“James Potter?” A woman in scrubs is standing by the front desk looking for him. James exhales, pinching the bridge of his nose, trying to get his thoughts straight. “James Potter?”

“Okay,” turning to Sirius and Regulus. “You two go.”

Sirius blinks. He’s still holding onto Regulus even though he probably doesn’t need to be. “Are you sure?”

James nods. “Go see what they have to say, I’ll stay here and deal with this,” he motions to Mulciber who growls, rubbing at his neck.

Sirius nods, “Okay, alright, we’ll go,” Regulus already taking off towards the nurse “You should call Remus,” Sirius says, squeezing James’s shoulder as he follows after his brother.

James blinks, mind moving slowly. “Why?”

Sirius shrugs, walking backwards. “It’s an emergency. Remus is who you call in an emergency.” And then he turns around.

James supposes he can’t argue with that.

He looks back at Mulciber. “You mind getting up before they send security over here to kick us out?” He notices one or two of the nurses eyeing them skeptically. 

Mulciber begrudgingly gets to his feet, his face already starting to swell. James feels that same rush of heat he had at the sound of Regulus’s voice and quickly pushes the feeling away. Whatever it is, this is not the fucking time for it.

“I’m not leaving you to talk to the cops alone,” Mulciber hisses.

James rolls his eyes. Too tired at this point. “Fine. Stay. But sit down and be fucking quiet and stay the hell away from me. Got it?”

Mulciber sneers. “Yes captain,” he says mockingly, knocking James’s shoulder as he lumbers back to the waiting room, dropping down into one of the chairs. James watches him for a moment, before looking around and realizing that Sirius and Regulus are nowhere in sight—which hopefully means they’re with Evan.

He should go back and wait but he just needs a break. Just needs a chance to catch his breath. So instead he rides the elevator down to the main floor and somehow manages to find an exit. The ground outside the hospital is covered in cigarette butts, James sinking down onto the asphalt, his back pressed to the wall behind him.

He takes a deep breath in, tries to get his hands to stop shaking, and when that doesn’t work he follows Sirius’s advice. 

He’s not really expecting Remus to pick up, not at this hour, but after the second ring Remus’s face appears on his screen.

“James?” he says. “What happened? Are you okay?”

James thinks about Evan, how cold his skin had felt up on that roof, thinks about listening to him cry in the back of the ambulance, thinks about Peter refusing to call, about what Mulciber said about the drugs. About how he can’t get his fucking hands to stop shaking.

“No,” he croaks, and it’s probably a good thing that Remus can read lips because he doesn’t think the sound is loud enough for anyone to hear.

Remus nods. “Okay,” he says. “That’s okay.” James can tell he’s set his phone up somewhere, propped it against something, probably so that he can use his hands better. I’m here, he signs. Tell me.

And so James does.      

 

 
Notes:

    Hello lovelies!

    Idk if this was too chaotic or what, I kind of liked the shorter POVs and the switching between them because I felt like it sort of built up the tension but maybe not?

    ANYWAY bb Evan, next chapter we're gonna get into Evan's backstory so I'm excited for that :)

    I hope you liked the chapter! Thank you so much for reading and as always love hearing what you think and reading your comments etc. ect.

Chapter 6
Summary:

    It’s just a Tuesday.

Notes:

    tw homophobic language and ableism (thank you Mulciber)
    tw injury (it's not graphic I don't think but it's there)
    tw referenced drug use
    tw child abuse (verbal)

     

    LISTEN, I may have taken some liberties with how hockey works in this chapter (like hockey leagues not the actual game...maybe also the actual game...but I don't think so...ANYWAY)

    So, if you don't know anything about hockey, amazing, incredible, pretend you never saw this

    If you do know anything about hockey, shhhhhhhhh no you don't.

    Hockey stuffs:

    Stanley Cup: Idk do I have to explain this one? I can't tell what is universal knowledge and what isn't? But the big silver sippy cup that they win in the NHL at the end, the thing they're playing for (wow god I'm doing a terrible job of this)

    Wayne Gretzky: is like the most famous hockey player, they call him "The Great One" in my personal opinion he's more like the "Okay I Guess One" but I digress. Also he played in the 80s so he's like, the guy everyone looks up to. The Beatles of hockey.

    The Calder Memorial Trophy: Annual trophy given to the bestest rookie (shout out to Mo Seider who won it this year, love that kid)

    Bag Skate: is like tbh kinda a generic term for "Coach mad gonna make us run drills for a long time" usually in the form of some kind of sprinting across the ice

    Toradol: is a pretty intense pain killer used a lot by injured hockey players so they can keep playing, "Doctors believe that players who misuse the drug are putting themselves at serious risk of long-term side effects that could include internal bleeding, stomach, liver and kidney complications and more" so, y'know, yikes

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

His head is fucking killing him.

He groans, which makes it worse. Damn, what the hell did he do last night? This is a Stanley Cup level hangover. Honestly, if he doesn’t open his eyes and find a trophy next to him he’s going to be pissed.

“I think he’s waking up.”

“Yeah? That’s good.”

“Should we get someone?”

“Someone?”

“Like a nurse or a doctor?”

“Er…why?”

“Because he’s waking up!”

“Regulus, he was asleep. Not in a coma. I don’t think he needs immediate medical attention.”

“What if he has, like, brain damage or something?”

“What? What are you talking about?”

“Could you just please go get a nurse?”

There’s a long pause.

“You really care about him, huh?”

“Sirius.”

“Okay, alright, fine. I’ll go get the nurse. Mais ton béguin est très mignon.”

“I’m glad you find this situation amusing.”

“Oh come on Reg, you know that’s not—“

“Please. The nurse.”

Evan hears someone sigh and then the sound of a door opening and closing. His head is still pounding—like the veins in his brain are about to explode—but he feels like he should probably open his eyes now. Tentatively, he begins to squint. The fluorescent lighting is not pleasant.

“Fuck,” he tries to say, but his voice is shredded, barely there.

“Evan? Here—“ there’s some noise, but he doesn’t try to move his head because he’s pretty sure if he does he’ll throw-up. “Here, drink this,” a plastic cup of water with a straw sticking out of it is brought to his mouth. He tries to sit up but his stomach screams.

“Fuck,” he hisses again, voice a bit stronger this time.

“Here,” Regulus adjusts the bed behind him so that he can lean back.

“Thanks.”

Regulus just nods, standing next to him with an unreadable expression on his face. After a couple sips Evan places the cup on the table next to him, the light in the room making him feel like daggers are being pushed through each of his eye sockets. He notices there’s an IV in his arm which seems a little foreboding, though if the aged white walls, bright lights, and hospital gown weren’t enough to make clear where he is, the IV definitely settles it. 

“No trophy then,” he croaks, mostly to himself, but he sees Regulus furrow his brow.

“Trophy?” and then; “I told Sirius your brain was going to be fucked.”

Evan lets out a huff that might’ve been a laugh if his throat didn’t currently feel like scorched earth. “No more fucked than it was before.”

Regulus’s furrowing continues. “What are you talking about? It was perfect before.”

He delivers the statement so flatly that the sweetness of it is almost lost. Almost, but not completely.

“Aw, thanks buddy.”

Regulus blinks and then his eyes go wide, like he’s only just realizing what he said. “I just meant—“

But at that moment the door opens.

“Rosy!” Sirius says, a bit louder than Evan would have liked but he smiles at him anyway. His long hair is ruffled and he’s wearing a baggy t-shirt and sweatpants. He looks like someone who has just spent all night in a chair. “Good to see you up dude,” Sirius offers him his fist and instinctually Evan meets it with his own.

“Alright Mr. Rosier,” says the short woman in scrubs who comes in behind him. “How’re you feeling?”

“Fine,” he says automatically. “Confused,” he offers her a shy smile that she returns.

“That’s understandable, you were brought in early this morning with a blood alcohol level of 0.35% .”

Sirius, who has taken the seat against the wall across from Evan, lets out a low whistle.

“Really?” Regulus mutters.

“What? That’s fucking impressive.”

“Actually, what it is, is incredibly dangerous,” the nurse corrects, causing Sirius to grimace.

“Right. Yup. Totally what I meant.”

“Jesus Christ,” Regulus murmurs under his breath.

It comes back to him in pieces;

the party,

the bottle,

He hates me.

Bee—

He hates me and he doesn’t even know how much.

“Another 0.5% and you would have been at risk of respiratory failure.”

Evan tries to focus. “What?”

The nurse gives him a look. “Your heart almost stopped beating.”

Oh.

Well. 

“Right,” Evan swallows with some difficulty, Regulus moving closer to him. He can feel his friend’s anxiety, feel his desire to do something. Fix something. Hold something. But it’s like he’s stuck. Regulus is perpetually stuck and Evan can never figure out why. Never figure out exactly what it is that keeps getting in his way. 

“Can you remember anything from last night?” the nurse goes on as she checks his IV bag, before reaching for the chart at the end of his bed.

“Uh…”

What do you think it’ll be like, college?

Evan squeezes his eyes shut for a minute; his brain feeling soupy, nothing quite staying where it’s supposed to.

“I was—uh—at a rookie party.”

Always you Bee.

The nurse arches her brow. “A rookie party?”

Evan pinches the bridge of his nose. His headache is definitely getting worse. “Yeah, it’s a party for, like, new team members.”

"Boys, listen up. We have a new member of the team joining us for the rest of the season. We’re lucky to have him so I want you all to make sure he feels welcome.”

The boy standing next to their coach is average height, with dark hair, dark eyes, and some of the palest skin Evan has ever seen. He looks a little old-timey, honestly. Like he belongs in one of the books Evan pretends to read for English class. He doesn’t smile. Doesn’t make eye contact with anyone. The whispering started when he walked into the locker room and it hasn’t stopped since.

“Everyone say hello to your new left winger, Barty Crouch.”

“They had to pump your stomach, so you'll likely be experiencing some tenderness in your abdomen and throat. That's normal. Just take it easy for the next few days alright?”

“I can’t believe we get to play with him,” Connor keeps sneaking glances at their new teammate.

"Uh, yeah. Right. Okay." 

Evan only smirks. “You gonna go ask for his autograph?”

“Oh shut up,” he laughs, punching Evan's shoulder. “Don’t act like you aren’t freaking out too. He’s a fucking beast—like Gretzky on steroids.”

“What he is is our teammate,” Evan says, as he finishes tying up his skates.“It’s gonna fuck us all over if we start treating him different.”

“But he is different.”

“He’s just a guy Connor.”

But the other boy shakes his head. “I’m just a guy. That dude is a legend. Plus his dad is the new head coach for Salazar, so that’s like double the legend.”

Evan snorts, though he can’t help but sneak his own looks. He’s been hearing about Barty Crouch for years. Already catching the attention of the NHL, breaking records at every tournament he plays in. He’ll be eligible for the draft this summer. Everyone’s certain he’ll go first.

“Evan?”

“Rosy? Hey? Space cadet?” Connor snaps his fingers obnoxiously in Evan’s face. Laughing when he looks back at him. “Yeah, just a guy my ass. You’re as much of a fanboy as I am.”

“Am not.”

“Are too.”

“I’m going to go talk to him.”

Connor makes a startled squeaky noise that Evan will definitely be mocking him for later. “What?”

“I’m the captain, I should welcome him to the team.”

Connor is looking at him like he’s completely lost his mind. “You can’t just talk to Barty Crouch.”

Evan only smiles, slapping his friend on the back. “Sure I can. He’s my new winger.”

Connor is still spluttering as Evan walks across the locker room. He feels other eyes on him, everyone excited, wondering what Crouch will be like in real life. Honestly Evan is fucking buzzing over the chance to play with him. Having all that talent on the ice? It’s a dream come true.

“Hey!” he smiles when he makes it up to Crouch’s stall, holding out his hand. “I’m Evan, but the boys call me Rosy. Just wanted to, you know, welcome you to the team, we’re all pumped that you’re here.”

The boy in front of him barely turns his head. His expression empty. It’s honestly unnerving. It isn’t angry or annoyed, just…blank. Dead. A chill goes down Evan’s spine. Crouch glances at his outstretched hand but doesn’t take it, reaching for his gloves instead and heading for the rink without saying a single word.

The room is quiet for exactly thirty seconds before everyone starts laughing. Connor practically rolling on the floor.

“Holy shit,” he wheezes. “That was the coldest fucking thing I’ve ever seen.”

"I don’t think you’re ever recovering from that one Rosy,” someone else adds.

Evan only rolls his eyes. “Y’all can fuck off, I was still the only one who had the balls to talk to him.”

"Yeah well, pretty sure Crouch is the one with your balls now.”

“Evan!”

He blinks, the painfully bright room coming back into focus. Sirius and Regulus are staring at him, the nurse gone. Evan doesn’t remember her leaving. 

“Er—sorry?”

“Are you okay?” Regulus demands. His face is so serious and Evan wants to tell him not to worry, but his brain is moving real fucking slow at the moment. “Here, do you need more water?”

Regulus reaches for the cup on the bedside table which is the first time that Evan notices his hand.

“Woah what the hell happened to you?”

“What?” Regulus follows Evan’s gaze. “Oh.”

“You’re not gonna believe this,” Sirius says, sitting forward in his chair with a smug smirk on his face. Regulus shoots him a look before handing Evan his water.

“Here, drink.”

“Reg what the hell?” he takes the cup but holds it off to the side, causing Regulus to frown at him. “It looks like you punched someone.”

“Oh did he ever.”

“Vraiment, Sirius?” Regulus snaps. “Ce n'est pas le moment.”

“Pourquoi pas? Il se sentira mieux!”   

Evan clears his throat and then winces. “Um,” he manages with a slight cough. “Not that I’m not loving the foreign movie thing, but there are no subtitles in real life and my head is killing me, so if we could maybe give it a rest with the bonjour-ing that would be nice.”

Sirius snorts but Regulus looks embarrassed. “Sorry,” he says, and then, aggressively pointing at Evan’s cup, “Drink.”

Evan points at Regulus’s hand. “Spill.”

“It’s nothing.”

“Reg.”

The shorter boy huffs. “I punched Mulciber, alright? Now would you please stop talking and drink some water? Your voice sounds awful.”

“I’m sorry you WHAT?!” admittedly, that does hurt his throat.

Sirius is grinning and nodding his head enthusiastically. “He laid him out. It was,” he kisses his fingertips, “beautiful. Modern art. I’m thinking of trying to bribe someone into giving me the security camera footage.”

Regulus whips around. “Don’t you dare.”

“We could play it before every practice.”

“Stop encouraging him!”

But Evan only laughs, shaking his head. “Fuck, I can’t believe I missed that. What the hell did he do to you?”

There’s a pause.

Regulus looking at Evan like that’s the stupidest question he’s ever heard. “He hurt you,” in that way he always says meaningful things. Like they’re ugly truths.

“Wait, you punched Mulciber because of me?” he asks confused.

“He was defending your honour.”

“Sirius.”

“Sorry, jeez,” he holds up his hands. “Everything is very serious I know, I know.”

But Evan just keeps looking at Regulus. “I—you didn’t have to do that.”

Regulus meets his eyes, expression stern, not that it’s ever anything else.

“Do you think he ever smiles?”

“Why don’t you tell him a joke and find out?”

“Don’t think he knows what jokes are.”

“We’re roommates,” Regulus says steadily, “which is basically the same as being team," repeating Evan's words from the other day. "So I’ve got your back.”

There are moments in which Regulus’s earnestness is overwhelming—because it comes out of nowhere. Surprising every time. And Evan never quite knows what to do with it. He wants to say something equally important back. But quite frankly he’s currently barely managing to stay upright.

So instead he says; “Hell yeah we are!” Holding his hand out until, eventually, rolling his eyes, Regulus reluctantly gives him a high-five. 

“Now drink some fucking water please.”

Evan is still smiling when he brings the straw to his lips.

 

 

His parents make it to the hospital before Evan is discharged, his mother storming in and instantly wrapping her arms around him, his father appearing in the doorway a couple minutes later. Evan can only imagine she was jogging ahead of him.

Evan’s mom is only 5 feet tall but she’s still the biggest person Evan knows. Able to fill a room like no one else. 

“Hey mum,” he croaks, shutting his eyes and holding her close.

“Hey bean,” she whispers back, kissing his temple. She smells like home—like fresh air, like cozy blankets, like home cooking. Embarrassingly, Evan feels tears prickle behind his eyes. He quickly blinks them away.

“Where are the kids?” he makes himself ask.

She huffs. “The neighbours are watching them. You don’t need to worry about that.”

Evan shuts his eyes. “I’m sorry,” voice trembling.

His mother just squeezes him tighter.

It’s funny watching her with Sirius and Regulus, who both seem to be slightly confused when she goes to hug them too. The uneasiness is the most apparent on Sirius who usually walks through life looking fearless. But suddenly someone’s mother has their hands on him and he fumbles.

His parents insist that Evan come stay in their hotel with them, honestly he doesn’t take much convincing, the dorm beds are brutal. But he does need some clothes. And like, a toothbrush. So they say goodbye to Sirius at the hospital, and then his parents drive him and Regulus back to the dorms.

“Sorry if my mum mauled you a little in there,” Evan says, while throwing clothes into his bag, his parents waiting in the car downstairs.

“It’s fine,” there’s something a bit stiff about his voice. “She’s nice.”

“Yeah, she’s great,” Evan looks up, wanting to say something else, when he gets distracted. “Well look who's charging his phone.”

Regulus rolls his eyes, “Pretty sure if I don’t Sirius is going to murder me.”

Evan laughs, turning back to his packing. The room is relatively quiet for a moment, until Regulus’s phone starts vibrating. Once. Twice. Three times. Evan snorts. “You got a few unread messages or what?”

But Regulus doesn’t answer.

His phone buzzes again.

“Damn Reg, how long has that thing been dead?”

Still nothing. Evan turns around, finding Regulus sitting on his bed, his phone in his hands, eyes wide.

“Reg?” he drops the shirt he’d been holding and steps forward, closing the space between them. “Hey, what is it? what’s happened?”

Regulus just shakes his head. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

“Look I’m sorry okay? It was an accident.”

“An accident? Are you fucking kidding me?”

Evan blinks, trying to focus. “For what?”

But Regulus doesn’t answer, just keeps staring at his phone like it’s something horrible. Like he wants to smash it against the wall. 

“Buddy, I’m going to need a little more info here,” Evan prods, praying that his mom doesn’t decide now is a good time to come up here and help him pack.

“You—“ Regulus tries but his voice cuts out and it’s several seconds before he’s able to start again. “You tried to call me.”

“I won’t do it again man, I promise.”

“Oh but you will. You won’t be able to help it. You’re the least talented asshole on this team of untalented assholes. You will do it again because mediocrity is built into your fucking DNA, you just can’t help it. So why don’t you do us all a favour and quit.”

“I called you?” Evan repeats, losing the threads of the conversation. Maybe he does have brain damage. “Well, I don’t even remember so, no hard feelings.” He smiles, but Regulus doesn’t.

“No,” he says, voice sounding nearly as rough as Evan’s. “You—“ and then he turns the phone around, handing it to Evan. He expects to see a list of missed calls, but instead he’s looking at a series of text messages.

 

Evan

heyyyy I’m kinda dunk

dunk

!!

Drunk

 

Evan

can u come gte me

srry im not feeling grate

need help getting back

 

Evan

hey reg

reg

rrrrreeeeggggghgggghu

!!!

 

Evan

nnnnnvvmm 

i sleep jere

 

“You needed help,” Regulus whispers. “You needed help and I—god Evan I’m so sorry, I’m so—“

“Woah, woah,” Evan holds up his hands. “Regulus this is not your fault. I did this to myself okay? I needed help because I was an idiot, that’s not on you.”

“You needed help because Mulciber—“

But Evan shakes his head, dropping Regulus’s phone on his bed. “He didn’t hold the bottle to my mouth. And neither did you,” and when Regulus continues to look at him unhappily, clearly getting ready to argue, he pushes on. “I knew where the line was and I crossed it. I did. No one pushed me.”

“You’re out of line Crouch.”

“Why? Because I’m being honest?”

“Fuck being honest, you’re being cruel.”

Regulus scoffs. “No one pushed you? You really expect me to believe that? I’ve been in locker rooms with guys like that before. I know what they’re like.”

“Sorry, was I supposed to pat him on the back and tell him that he did a good job? That that performance out there was acceptable?”

“You’re not supposed to do anything, you’re not his coach and you’re not his captain.”

“Wrong. I’m supposed to win. But I can’t do that because this piece of shit keeps giving up the puck.”

“Call him a name one more time Crouch, I swear.”

“What are you going to do Rosier? Punch me?”

Evan’s hands are shaking. It’s been happening on and off for the last few days. Stress or something. He flexes his fingers. “Reg, look at me,” he tries to keep his tone light, casual. “I’m a pretty hard guy to intimidate okay? There’s not a person in that locker room I couldn’t take down if I wanted to.”

“Well? I’m waiting?”

“Fuck you Crouch.”

“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”

Something complicated flashes across Regulus’s face—like he’s just solved a part of the puzzle. Still, it’s a while before he speaks again.

“There are lots of ways to push someone around,” his eyes flick momentarily to his phone before returning to Evan. “Being big doesn’t mean you don’t get to be scared just like the rest of us.”

Evan looks helplessly back at his friend.

“You do know that, don’t you?”

He could have walked away.

“Evan?”

It’s not like he’s never done it before.

“Evan?”

He coughs, clearing his throat, hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans. “Yeah Reg,” he offers him a weak smile. “Yeah, I know.”

 

 

His parents stay for two days, his mother smothering him, filling him in on everything he’s missed at home like they don’t talk on the phone every other day. She has a list of restaurants she wants to go to while they’re in town and Evan doesn’t have the heart to tell her that his stomach is still a mess. So they wander around the city, crossing off restaurants one by one,  Evan almost constantly trying not to be sick.

They don’t talk about why his parents are there. Not until the last day. His mother goes down to the lobby to ask for something—more towels maybe—and Evan just knows. The minute she leaves the room. Can feel the words growing in his father’s mouth.

“I thought you were smarter than this Ev,” he doesn’t sound angry. He sounds sad. Disappointed. Which is so much worse. Sometimes, Evan wishes he had the kind of parents who yelled. As opposed to the kind who treat you like you can be better than you are.

“Yeah,” he croaks, lump in his throat. “Yeah me too.”

 

 

“Alright, listen up.”

The locker room goes quiet as coach Moody walks in with two police officers behind him. A chill instantly runs down Evan’s spine.

“This can’t be good,” Danny hisses from beside him, echoing his own thoughts.

Evan grimaces.

“I’m sure you’re all aware of the incident that occurred a few days ago,” Evan feels his cheeks heat, ducking his head and fiddling with his equipment. “Due to certain allegations, these fine officers here have been asked to conduct an investigation into what exactly you morons got up to. Now, the University has decided that none of you are required to speak with them, but it would like to heavily suggest that you do.” He doesn’t manage to make that last sentence sound convincing.

“So,” he grunts, adjusting his pants. “Any volunteers?”

Moody and the two cops stare out at them, and the players stare back, nobody moving. Or speaking. The tension is scratchy and uncomfortable. Evan isn’t sure he’s ever heard the locker room quite this quiet. He wants desperately for this just to be over. To forget it happened. To just play hockey. He can’t believe he’s put them all in this position.

“Well,” Moody says, sounding a little relieved himself. “Sorry officers, but it doesn’t look like—“

“I’ll talk to them.”

Everyone’s head whips around as Potter gets to his feet. He’s half-dressed—under-armour and shoulders pads. His glasses are off, which always makes him look a bit more intense.

“He wasn’t even there!” Mulciber snaps from across the room.

Evan sees the two officers share a look and grits his teeth. There’s no way this is good.

“That you volunteering as well Mulciber?” Moody demands. Mulciber only glares, his left eye still a little swollen from its collision with Regulus’s fist. “Well?”

“No sir.”

“Then keep your commentary to yourself. Potter, go,” he gestures to the cops. “The rest of you on the ice in five.”

Evan watches Potter follow the cops into the hallway. He doesn’t know where they’re taking him, but it can’t be far if they aren’t asking him to put his street clothes back on.

“Fucking snitch,” Mulciber hisses under his breath.

“You got something to say Nick?” Black steps away from his stall, long hair tied at the back of his head, gaze razor sharp.

The eyes of the whole room bounce between the two players, like they’re watching a tennis match. 

“Careful Black,” Mulciber smirks. “Potter isn’t here to protect you.”

Sirius laughs. It’s not pleasant. “You think it’s me he’s protecting?”

“Big tough guy huh?”

“Tell me Nick, you ever been in a fight without a ref standing by to save you?”

Back and forth.

Back and forth.

Back and forth.

“We should stop this,” Evan hisses to Danny.

“We?” he whispers back, outraged. “No fucking way am I getting between those two.”

Evan’s foot starts bouncing nervously up and down, he can feel the energy in the room building up and nothing good is gonna come from it. He looks at the older guys, hoping one of them is seeing what he is, but none of them seem all that concerned. Pettigrew, who might be the only one in the room currently capable of reigning Black in, is sitting in his stall, staring at his hands which are currently clasped between his knees.

“You keep running your mouth Black,” Mulciber is on his feet now, the pair slowly moving towards one another like they just can’t help it. “You’ll see what happens.”

Sirius smirks. “Hard to be scared of a guy I just watched get laid out by my baby brother.”

That elicits a reaction from the audience, a few “oohs” and “ahs” and “oh shits.” Mulciber’s jaw clicks.

“Funny you should mention Pet.“

Sirius’s face scrunches in confusion, “Pet?” 

“He should really be thanking me, considering the solid I did him last week.”

This is definitely going nowhere good. Evan leans forward, nearly levitating with anxiety as he tries to decide whether or not him getting involved would make things better or worse.

“The fuck are you going on about Nick?”

The blond boy’s smile grows—all teeth. “I rescued him. Your little faggot roommate was coming on to him hard, making your brother all uncomfortable. But don’t worry, I put him in his place.”

There is a second of stillness.

One second.

Evan pushes to his feet at almost the same moment that Black lunges forward. He barely manages to get himself between them in time. The next few seconds are a blur of arms and legs and curses. A set of knuckles graze Evan’s cheek, a hand yanking on the collar of his jersey.

Finally Mulciber is pulled back by two of his friends, Pettigrew helping Evan hold Sirius who’s still shouting profanities.

“Don’t you ever talk about Remus again or I swear to God Nick I will fucking kill you.”

Mulciber is somewhat more relaxed. No longer fighting against his buddies. He only smiles at Sirius. “Why? It’s not like he can hear me right?”

“You piece of shit.”

Evan has a few inches and pounds on Black, but in that moment it doesn’t matter, the older boy still managing to shove them both in Mulciber’s direction.

“WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON IN HERE?”

You’d think their coach standing in the doorway looking like he’s ready to castrate each and every one of them would be enough to make Black stand down. But it isn’t.

“Jesus Sirius,” Evan hisses under his breath as he uses all his strength to keep the other boy from ripping Mulciber’s throat out.

“Are you kidding me right now?” Moody demands. “We have two fucking cops down the hall and you idiots are in here fighting? Not to mention wasting my time. Am I the only one who remembers we have a goddamn rivalry match on Saturday?”

The room is silent.

“All of you get your fucking gear on now and get out on the ice. Mulciber and Black, you’re bag skating until I tell you to stop, you understand me?”

That, finally, makes Sirius let up.

“Hello?”

“Yes coach.”

“Well?! What the hell are you all waiting for? You think I’m leaving this room again? Fuck no. I can’t believe I have a team who needs a goddamn babysitter. Hurry up.”

Black rips himself out of Evan’s hands, turning back towards his stall.

“Sirius—“

“Don’t,” he growls at Pettigrew, shoving past him. The goaltender freezes, the locker room moving around him. Evan feels like maybe he should say something but he doesn’t know what and before he can figure it out Pettigrew is grabbing his helmet and heading towards the ice without making eye contact with anyone.

 

 

Practice is miserable.

Evan is pretty sure the only thing keeping Black and Mulciber upright is spite, because he’s never seen two people skate the length of a rink that many times without collapsing. Though coach doesn’t go much easier on the rest of them. No one talks when they get off the ice. The locker room dead quiet.

Potter joined practice about halfway through and is now over at his stall furiously whispering to Black. Evan wants to know what the police asked him. What he told them. But him and Potter aren’t exactly close. He was there at the hospital, stopped in to say “hi” briefly. According to Sirius he rode in the ambulance with Evan. But he doesn’t remember.

“Evan Rosier?”

Evan freezes, hand on the strap of his gym bag, shoes digging into the spongy ground. He’s only just left the locker room.

“Er—yeah?” he says as he turns to face the cop behind him. He’s a few feet down the hall, standing in front of the door to one of the PT rooms.

He just looks at Evan for a moment, then nods at the door beside him. “Mind talking to us for a minute?”

The tremor in his hands returns. He knows that he can say no, technically. It’s just that, standing here now, it doesn’t really feel like it.

“Um, okay. I don’t really have much to say.”

The cop only shrugs, stepping away from the door so that Evan can walk inside. “We just want to know what you can tell us.”

The lights in the room are low, calm, an examination table in the middle. The second cop is leaning against the desk in the corner, a chair placed in front of him. He smiles politely at Evan.

“Hey,” he offers him his hand. “I’m Officer Weasley, and I see you’ve already met my partner Officer Shacklebolt.”

The other man just grunts, Evan’s eyes passing between the pair. It’s not so much good-cop bad-cop as it is good-cop and mildly annoyed cop.

Evan just nods his head. “Er—right—hi.” He’s sweating, not entirely sure what to do or where to look, fairly certain that everything about him right now is screaming “guilty” even though he’s not sure what he’s supposed to be guilty of.

“Do you wanna take a seat?” Officer Weasley suggests kindly, gesturing to the chair in front of him. 

“Oh,” like he’s just seeing it for the first time. Evan sits down, letting his equipment rest at his feet. Officer Weasley smiles at him again, he has freckles and ginger hair and is holding a coffee cup.

“So why don’t you take us through what happened last weekend?” he asks casually. Like they’re two buddies catching up.

Evan fidgets a little. Should he have a lawyer here for this? Or his mom? Fuck.

“Well, um—“ he clears his throat. “I went over to my teammates house. He was hosting this, um, this party for the rookies and, um,—“

“Evan!”

“I was—well we—I mean there was—drinking, I guess.”

“Evan! Evan! Evvvaaaannnn!”

“You guess?” Officer Shacklebolt asks.

“Well, no, there was drinking.”

“Hello you little monster!” his younger sister launches herself into his arms, and even though he’s dead tired after the game he still lifts her up, balancing her on his hip.

“You got a goal!”

He smiles at her. “I did.”

“Evan?”

“EV!” his younger brother collides with his legs.

“Evan?”

“You won! You won! You won!” he shouts into Evan’s kneecaps

“You won! You won! You won!” Abigail repeats, throwing her arms up into the air. Evan can’t resist tickling her belly and making her squirm.

“There’s our first star of the game,” his mom calls out. The minute his parents reach him his dad is squeezing his shoulder and kissing the side of his head. “Way to go Ev.”

“Thanks.”

“Me too! Me too! Me too!”

He looks over at Abigail who presents her head for him to kiss. He obliges, giving her a little peck that has her giggling again.

“You were fabulous bean, really,” his mom goes on. “I mean Sidney Crosby who?”

“OKAY, enough you guys, jeez.”

“Aw, Tim look, I think we’re embarrassing him.”

“What? Us? No way.”

“GUYS.”

“Okay, okay,” his mom gives him a wink. “Come on kiddos, lets go get some celebratory ice cream, alright?”

“Oh f—heck yeah,” Evan says, making his dad laugh.

“Good save.”

“Joshua Rosier, please let go of your brother’s legs.”

His little brother makes a huffing noise, as though he thinks this is an incredibly unreasonable request. “Fine.” Abi, however, remains firmly in Evan’s arms as they make their way outside.

It’s not until he’s about halfway across the parking lot that Evan hears yelling.

“—think that was good enough? Hey! Look at me. Do you really think that was good enough?”

Crouch has his back to Evan, standing beside a car a few rows over with a man in a suit towering above him. Evan assumes it’s his dad—same dark hair, same cold eyes. Evan has seen parents lose it before, it happens in hockey. But this feels different. Maybe because they won. Because Crouch got a goal and two assists. By all accounts it was a good night.

“After all the time and energy I put into you, that’s the best you can give me?” his voice echoes through the parking lot. “I need you to man the fuck up. And cutout whatever sissy shit that was back there.”

Evan can’t hear Crouch’s response but he imagines there is one. Then he watches him reach for the car door.

“Woah, what the hell do you think you’re doing? You think you deserve to sit in the car after that performance? This,” the man thumps on the roof. “Is a privilege. You earn it. Which tonight you sure as hell didn’t. You can walk.”

Evan doesn’t think he’s serious. Sometimes parents say things like that but they don’t actually mean them. They don’t actually drive away. Except that Mr. Crouch does.

He gets in the fucking car and he drives away.

“Evan!”

A rather aggressive tug on the collar of his shirt brings Evan up short, blinking at his little sister who’s wiggling in his arms. “Sorry, got distracted.”

“You’re walking to the wrong car!”

“What?” but she’s right, Evan has somehow wandered practically right into some random car. “shi—oot, My bad.”

As with most things, this just makes her giggle.

He jogs to catch up to the rest of the family, putting Abi down as he heads to the back of the car where his mom is popping open the trunk.

“Hey—er—mom?” he says as he hands over his gear, eyes flicking back behind him to where Crouch is still standing in the empty parking spot.

“Yup?” she asks, slamming the trunk closed.

“I think—uh—I think I’m going to walk.”

She gives him an odd look, before letting out a laugh. “Walk? You realize that’s almost an hour? At least half of which is gonna be on the side of the highway?”

“Yeah,” not really listening. He can’t stop himself from looking at Crouch again and he can feel his mom following his gaze.

“Ah,” she says knowingly. “I see,” there’s a smile in the corner of her mouth that she’s trying to hide. “Well, alright captain. You got your phone?”

He nods.

“Call me when you’re heading home alright? I’ll pick you up,” she leans forward, kissing his cheek. “I’m very proud of you, you know,” she says softly.

After what he’s just witnessed those words make Evan’s chest squeeze. “Thanks,” he whispers back. Part of him wants to say something stupid like “I appreciate you” but even he’s not enough of a momma’s boy for that.

She only smiles, ruffling his hair as she heads for the driver’s side.

Evan doesn’t exactly have a plan as he sets off across the parking lot. Crouch has been here for a month now and the two of them have yet to have a civil conversation. Crouch seems to have exactly two settings: silent and asshole.

He doesn’t react when Evan stands beside him. Like he’s not even surprised. Like he expected it. Or maybe like he doesn’t care. Evan still hasn’t worked out what to say, which means that the pair of them end up just staring at the asphalt in silence.

“Where do you live?” Evan asks eventually.

He doesn’t think Crouch is going to answer, but then: “Far,” in a dead voice, without lifting his eyes.

“That’s specific.”

Crouch sighs. “Go away Rosier.” He doesn’t sound angry. He mostly just sounds tired.

It’s only a second later that Evan finds himself reaching down and picking up Crouch’s bag, sliding the strap over his own shoulder. That gets Crouch's attention.

“What the hell are you doing?” that sharp tone Evan has come to know so well coming out to play.

“You said you live far,” Evan starts walking towards the street. “So I figure we better get going.”

“We,” Crouch repeats in a horrified voice. “We aren’t going anywhere.” This declaration is undermined by the fact that Crouch has started following after him.

“If you say so.”

“I do.”

“Okay.”

“Alright.”

“Great.”

“Great.”

“Would you stop?” Crouch sounds exasperated as he catches up, falling into step beside Evan. “I can carry my own gear.”

“I’m sure you can,” Evan says easily. “But you aren’t, currently, so unless you wanna just follow me aimlessly around town you should probably tell me where we’re going.”

Crouch narrows his eyes. “Or you could just give my stuff back.”

“Could,” Evan agrees. “Won’t, but I definitely could.”

He knows this is a risk. Knows there’s a very good chance that this is going to turn into a fight like all their other conversations seem to. But after a few seconds of silence Crouch simply says:

“Here.”

Evan looks over at him, brow arched. “Here?”

Crouch huffs, like his meaning ought to be obvious and it’s incredibly frustrating that Evan is asking questions. “Yeah, turn here.”

Evan looks up at the corner ahead of them and then back at Crouch. He can’t help but smile.

“Okay then.”

“Evan?”

Evan blinks at the two police officers in the small dark room. Both of them staring at him.

“Er—sorry,” he shakes his head. “I’m just a bit…tired. Long practice.”

Officer Weasley smiles. “Understandable.”

“We were asking if you drank the alcohol voluntarily?”

Evan blinks at the second cop. The polar opposite to his partner—with dark skin and dark hair.

“Voluntarily?” Evan asks, repeating the word like he’s never heard it before. He’s clasping his hands in his lap hoping the officers don’t notice them shake.

“Did anyone force you?” the man clarifies.

After several seconds Evan shakes his head. “No.”

The officer nods. “And the drugs?”

That startles Evan. “Drugs?” he repeats. “What drugs?”

The officers share a brief look, though their expressions don’t change. “Some of your teammates reported that there were substances other than alcohol at the party.”

“And the hospital confirmed that,” Officer Weasley says gently.

Evan just stares at him for a moment, letting those words sink in. What he means. Because the only way the hospital could have confirmed that, is if Evan—

“So did you take the drugs voluntarily?” Officer Shacklebolt asks, something slightly softer in his voice.

Evan can hear his own heart beating in his ears as he tries to figure out what to do. What the right thing to do is. Because he doesn’t know. Doesn’t know what’s going on.

“Evan?” Officer Weasley prods.

“I—“ but his voice cuts out, and he has to clear his throat.

“Would you like some water?” Officer Weasley asks, but Evan only shakes his head.

“No I—” he manages to choke out. “Yes.”

Shacklebolt arches his brow. “Yes?”

Evan exhales, nails digging into his palms. “Yes, I took the drugs voluntarily.”

The two cops exchange another look.

“Are you sure?”

Evan nods. “Yes.”

Shacklebolt sighs, leaning back against the desk and crossing his arms over his chest, looking very much like someone who’s just had their suspicions confirmed.

“Well, alright then.”

 

 

Evan walks back to the locker room because he just needs a minute to sit down.

To think.

He doesn’t expect to find anyone still there. He especially doesn’t expect to find James Potter, sitting in his stall, head hanging, hands clasped between his knees. Evan stops just inside the door, trying to figure out whether or not he should leave.

“I hate talking to the police,” James says suddenly, voice loud in the empty room. “Always gives me the creeps,” he sits up, leaning back against the wall. “I said that like it’s a regular occurrence, it isn’t. And don’t let Sirius tell you otherwise.”

That startles a laugh out of Evan. “Noted.” James gives Evan a dry smile. He looks exhausted, and Evan feels a new wave of guilt wash over him. “Shit James, I’m so sorry.”

James arches his brow. “For what?”

Evan lets out a huff. “Everything, all of this. The police, the hospital, putting the team at risk—I’m just…I’m so fucking sorry. I didn’t want any of this.”

“Rosy—“ James starts and then stops. Seemingly deciding on another tact. “You’re seventeen right?”

“Uh—“ Evan’s brain struggles to catch up to the change in subject. “Yeah, birthday’s in November.”

James nods. “Too young for the draft this year then, which means next year is your year.”

“Might be.”

James shakes his head. “No might be,” eyes intense when they come back to Evan’s face. “You are first round material.”

Evan scoffs. “Yeah right.”

“I’m not kidding,” he certainly doesn’t look like it. “You’re big and you're fast and you can handle a puck better than most of the guys on this team. A little more development and you’re going to be a strong two-way player.”

“As if—“

“Fuck Rosy, would you listen to me?”

The harshness of his tone makes Evan instantly shut his mouth. He’s never heard James sound that stern before. Even when he’s telling the guys off it’s usually done with a wink and a nudge.

James leans forward. “You’re gonna be a star, and it’s not even just the way you are on the ice. I’ve seen you in here with the guys. You were captain of your old team right?”

Evan swallows before nodding. “Yeah.”

“It shows,” James takes a minute with his next words. “You have something that most of the people in this room—fuck, everyone in this room—would kill for,” another pause and then: “Including Nick.”

Evan opens his mouth to protest, to tell James, just like he’d told Regulus, that this wasn’t Mulciber’s fault. He doesn’t want other people taking responsibility for his bad decisions. But James doesn’t give him the chance.

“It hurts him, watching you. You’re living his dream. That can make people do really fucked up things.”

“You want to know a secret?”

“What?”

“You can’t tell anyone.”

“I would never.”

“It’s not my dream.”

“No?”

“It’s my fucking nightmare.”

“What did you tell them,” James asks, which is when Evan realizes that he’s just been standing there silent for way too long. “In there,” James nods towards the hallway, incase Evan is confused about what he’s referring to.

It takes a minute to work the words into his mouth. “That it was my choice. That no one made me drink.”

James watches him, brown eyes intense. “They ask you about the drugs?”

Evan feels his heart speed up. He wants to ask James what he knows. If he knows anything. And yet at the same time he’s not sure he can handle it. “Yeah,” he manages finally.

“And what’d you say?”

His throat feels tight. “The same thing. That it was my choice.”

“And was it?”

Evan can’t bring himself to answer, but James doesn’t seem to need him to, anger flashing through his eyes before he drops his head. “Fuck,” he hears him whisper. Evan doesn’t know what to do or say so he just stands there, frozen. Silent.

“I’ve been playing this sport since before I can remember,” James says finally, looking up again. “It’s my whole life. It’s all I’ve ever wanted. But there are more important things than hockey. Who we are, the kind of people we are? That has to be more important.”

“Bee don’t do this.”

“It’s none of your business anyway.”

“Please, I’m begging you don’t do this.” 

“I know,” Evan manages, voice a little rougher than he would like.

James nods. “Good,” he gets up, slinging his gym bag over his shoulder. “Don’t let guys like Mulciber make you forget.”   

 

 

So he’s walking Barty Crouch home.

Connor will never believe him.

It’s largely a silent walk. After a few more attempts to steal his gear back, which Evan deftly avoids, Crouch seems to begrudgingly resign himself to the situation.

“So…” Evan says eventually. “You used to live in the city right?” It’s a bit of a stupid question since they both know the answer, but it’s the only thing Evan can think of.

“Yes.”

Evan nods. “What’s that been like? Moving and stuff? I’ve never done it before, always lived here.”

“That’s sad for you.”

Evan knows it’s a dig but it doesn’t really sting. “I kinda like it. I know everyone and everything. My family’s here,” he shrugs,“It’s nice.”

Crouch shoots him a look out of the corner of his eye.“If you say so.”

The silence returns for the next few blocks. Evan doesn’t spend much time in this part of town. It’s where all the big houses are. Though they’re mostly owned by rich people who only come up for the summers.

“Is it really that different here? From what you’re used to?”

“It really is.”

Evan considers that. “What’s the thing you miss the most?”

For some reason that makes Crouch flinch. Which might not be a big deal, if it were anyone else, but in the weeks since Evan has known him, he hasn’t seen him flinch once. Not on the ice or off of it. Not even when his father was shouting at him in the parking lot. Not even when he drove off.

He wants to know more, but he doesn’t know what to ask. And maybe he’s a bit embarrassed too, by that impulse. To press down on the bruise. It’s just that’s it’s the most human reaction he’s ever gotten out of Crouch.

The silence drags on, and Evan is almost certain he isn’t going to get an answer and then:

“My mum.”

Whatever Evan had been expecting, it wasn’t that.

“Your mum?” Crouch isn’t looking at him, hands shoved in the pockets of his windbreaker, head turned decidedly away from Evan. “Are your parents not together?”

“No. Not anymore.”

Evan can’t imagine that. He knows it’s something that happens, but his parents are just…he can’t even picture one of them without the other. And none of his friends have divorced parents.

“She didn’t move with you?”

Something twitches in Crouch’s jaw, like he’s clenching his teeth. “No.”

Evan loves his mom, he doesn’t even care if that’s lame. He does. She’s definitely one of his top five favourite people on the planet. The four ahead of her being his siblings. It would be hard, he imagines, to move away from the place he grew up. His home. But it would be devastating to move away from his mum.

“That must be rough,” he says finally.

Crouch doesn’t respond, just keeps staring out at the street.

“But hey, you guys can always visit each other right? Is she gonna come up for any games?”

Evan gets the feeling that was the wrong thing to say, Crouch’s shoulders tense, and the silence between them drags on. He’s trying to think of some way to apologize, when the other boy finally speaks:

“She’s dead.”

Evan actually stops walking. Though Crouch doesn’t, and after a few seconds Evan has to jog to catch up with him.

“I used to visit her grave, back home. Make sure it was clean. Make sure there were flowers,” Crouch says all of this in a blank voice. Says all of this still without looking at Evan. “Make sure she wasn’t alone.”

Evan doesn’t know what to say.

He’s never lost anyone. Not even a grandparent.

“I’m so sorry.”

“It’s fine.”

Which is so ridiculous that Evan almost laughs. Doesn’t, thank God, but it’s a near thing. 

“You’re allowed to not be fine you know?”

Finally, that seems to get his attention, Crouch turning his sharp, dark eyes on Evan. “No I’m not,” in the same blank voice. Like he’s a robot. “I have games to play.”

“Jesus, Crouch.”

“What?”

“Well…” Evan gestures with his hands as though that ought to be sufficient  enough explanation, but Crouch doesn’t get it. “Your mom is more important than hockey.”

Something complicated flickers across his face before he looks away again. “She’s dead, I can’t change that,” Evan has the feeling this is something Crouch has been told rather than something he genuinely feels. “But hockey is still something I can win.”

That, Evan manages not to say, is fucked.

They go another block without speaking, Crouch pointing when they need to make a turn. Evan wracks his brain for something to say. He’s always been good at being there for his friends. At supporting them. Comforting them. It’s why he’s captain. It’s why he likes being captain. But this…

Evan clears his throat. “You know, I had a dog once—“

“Please tell me you are not about to compare your dead dog to my mum?” Crouch cuts him off.

Evan feels his cheeks heat. “I mean…maybe. But in, like, a sincere, respectful way?”

For a moment Crouch just stares at him. And then he starts to laugh. Properly laugh. Has to stop and grab hold of his knees and everything. Evan has never heard Crouch laugh before. Never seen it. His whole face changes. Softens. Eyes crinkling at the edges. And Evan can’t help but feel something proud and warm pool in the pit of his stomach.

 

 

Evan wakes up shaking.

It isn’t just his hands.

It’s his legs, his heart, his thoughts.

Evan wakes up shaking, his sheets damp with sweat. He swings his legs over the side of his bed and grips his knees, trying to breathe.

 

 

“Holy shit.”

“What?”

“Salazar just updated its roster for Saturday.”

“Updated? How? Let me see.”

Evan is barely paying attention, busy with his pads. The last thing he wants is to get reamed out by coach again.

“Holy shit,” this time it’s Black who’s talking. “What the fuck James? I thought you said they didn’t have anyone worth worrying about this year?”

There’s some commotion, people gathering around the phone that’s being passed about. A little known fact about hockey players, they’re horrendous gossips.

“Holy shit,” that’s Potter now.

“Right?”

“I thought he was out for the year with an injury?”

“Well apparently not, because they’re playing him on Saturday, and I bet you money he’s gonna be on Riddle’s line.”

Evan looks up just in time to see James shaking his head. “He’s too injured for the draft but he’s playing in one of the first games of the season? What the fuck kind of sense does that make?”

Black just shrugs. “Don’t know, but that’s the school site so it’s legit.”

“I mean his dad’s the coach,” someone chimes in. “I bet he pulled strings.”

That causes something heavy and sharp to settle in the pit of Evan’s stomach. “Wait,” he interrupts. “Who are we talking about?” He knows he’s just being paranoid, knows that it can’t be—

“Barty-mother-fucking-Crouch.”

Evan’s whole body goes cold. “What?” but his question is lost amongst all the other chatter filling up the room.

No, he thinks.

He can’t.

He can’t.

This wasn’t supposed to happen.

He wasn’t supposed to have to play against him. At least not yet.

“Hey, Rosy!” Black’s voice carries across the locker room, waking Evan up. “You played with him right?”

It feels like every head in the room turns towards Evan then.

“Uh—yeah.”

“What’re his weaknesses?”

Evan knows them, of course. Could write out a detailed list. None of them have anything to do with hockey though.

He clears his throat. “He doesn’t have any.”

That sends a wave of rumblings through the room. 

“Well,” Black says, “he has at least one,” and when everyone looks at him expectantly: “His fucking knee,” he says, as though it ought to be obvious.

“Ahhhhhh”

“Bee? Bee?”

“Ahhhhh, fuck, fuck oh fuck.”

“Bee look at me, you’re okay, it’s okay, you’re gonna be okay.”

“No. No. No.”

“I promise—“

“No. Don’t make me break another one. Enough. Please let this be enough. Fuck. Oh fuck it hurts.”

“Okay there Tonya Harding,” James says, causing the rest of the locker room to laugh. “Crouch or no Crouch we’re the better team,” he looks out at them all when he says it. “And come Saturday we’re going to kick their fucking asses.”

That settles it, mostly. Everyone shouting and hollering as the crowd breaks up and they all go back to getting ready for practice. But Evan’s hands are shaking so badly he can barely get his gear on. He grabs his phone and heads for the bathroom.

His palms are sweaty as he opens the message thread, the last three messages staring angrily up at him. He got them maybe his second week here.

 

B

I miss you

I miss you so much

fuck I’m drunk

 

Evan has crafted countless replies. Written them out, spent hours reading them over. Days even. Before eventually deciding that it’s best for the both of them if he doesn’t say anything.

But now.

Now…

 

Evan

don’t play on Saturday

 

He knows it’s a mistake. But he’s angry. And he’s scared. So he sends it anyway.

He locks his phone, dropping it on the toilet paper dispenser and trying to breathe. He places his palms flat against the cold bathroom stall. Commanding himself not to freak out. He doesn’t actually expect to get a response. He certainly doesn’t expect to get one so soon. But barely sixty seconds later his phone vibrates.

 

B

you’d like that, wouldn’t you?

 

Evan

you think this is about winning a hockey game?

 

B

isn’t it?

 

Evan wants to scream.

 

Evan

Don’t play

Please

You deserve better than this

 

B

You don’t really get to decide what I deserve anymore

 

He has to put his phone down before he drops it, the tremors in his hands so bad he can't type. He presses his forehead against the door and tells himself again that he did the right thing. Hopes that it’s true.

 

 

Crouch skates up to Evan during practice the next day, which he’s never done before. Evan tries not to look surprised.

“McKippin has the passing abilities of a six year old,” he states flatly.

Evan gives him a sidelong look as he moves up in line for the next drill. Funnily enough, he thinks this is Crouch trying to be friends.

“McKippin has one of the best shots on the team, and he’s a monster in front of the net.”

“Doesn’t mean shit if he can’t make plays.”

“Well,” Evan sighs, trying not to sound frustrated. “Why don’t you help him then?”

Crouch blinks, like the thought had never occurred to him. Which it probably hadn’t.

“You know, like it or not, you’re part of this team,” Evan goes on. “Might help if you stopped shitting on it and started actually trying to make it better.”

Crouch stares at him for a moment longer, like Evan is speaking some language he doesn’t understand, then his eyes trail back to Kippy.

“If I tell McKippin his passing is garbage he’ll punch me in the face.” From anyone else, there would be playfulness in those words. But not Crouch. He sounds just as serious as he always does.

Evan laughs anyway. “Well then,” he leans into Crouch’s space, feeling a small prickle along the back of his neck when Crouch’s eyes meet his. “Maybe be a little nicer about it.” For just a moment. A nanosecond. They stay like that, eyes locked on one another. And then—

“Rosy you’re up!”

 

 

Evan’s leg bounces up and down under the table as he tries to make himself eat whatever it is that the meal hall is serving today. He thinks it’s some kind of casserole? But maybe it’s just pasta. He can’t really tell. Doesn’t really care. He’s tired, he just wants to eat and then go back to his room and sleep.

He keeps looking at his phone, sitting face down on the table beside him.

You don’t really get to decide what I deserve anymore

He thinks he’s starting to understand why Regulus hides his.

“Howdy partner!”

Evan starts, as Cerci drops down into the chair across from him. Her hair is done up in two buns on either side of her head. Like a messy, slightly lopsided Princess Leia.

“Hey, what’s up?”

“Oh you know,” she takes a bite out of the most ridiculous sandwich Evan has ever seen—three pieces of bread, lettuce, bacon, pickles, mustard leaking out the sides. “School, work, the usual. But I’m excited about the game on Saturday, I really think I’m starting to get the hang of this hockey thing.” She talks with her mouth full but somehow manages to make it not seem rude. Which is impressive.

“Uh—yeah,” unable to keep his eyes from flicking to his phone. “Rivalry matches are always good.”

Cerci nods, her eyes intent on his face, something just a bit too knowing in them. Evan looks down, poking at his lunch.

“How’re you doing?” Cerci asks after a short pause.

“Me?” Evan gives her a smile, it isn’t…quite genuine. “I’m fine.”

Cerci arches her brow. “Fine huh?”

“Absolutely.”

Cerci nods, still watching him, chewing thoughtfully. He’s not entirely sure how to read her. They don’t usually talk like this—one on one. Regulus is almost always there. At first it comes across like it’s Regulus who needs Cerci, but Evan is pretty sure it’s mutual. He grounds her as much as she pushes him.

“Your hand is shaking,” she says finally.

Evan blinks, feeling his heart stutter. “What?”

“Your hand,” her voice is calm, as her eyes flick down to where his hand is resting on the table. “It’s shaking.”

Evan quickly pulls it into his lap.

“Ah,” he laughs nervously. “Just—um—too much RedBull I guess.”

She takes another bite of her sandwich. “Mhm.”

They sit in silence for a moment, Evan feeling like he’s just been called out, though he doesn’t even know what for, trying to think of some way to move the conversation along. He doesn’t want to think about why his hands are shaking. Or why he can’t get through a single conversation without hearing the voices of people who aren’t there.

“Must be weird, facing the Leviathans,” Cerci says finally. “I mean, you probably grew up rooting for them right? Since Salazar is in your hometown.” 

Evan struggles for a minute, to get his brain back on hockey. “Er—yeah, I suppose. A bit.” Actually, it’s very weird. The first day he’d shown up on campus and seen all the red and gold and lions, it had felt unnatural. Like a betrayal. But then, everything he’s done in the last few months has felt a bit like a betrayal.

“Why did you choose to come here?”

He’s glad his hands are already off the table, because if she hadn’t noticed them shaking before, she certainly would have then. “Just…needed a change.”

“I’m not going to stand by and watch you hurt yourself.”

“Then leave!”

Cerci is giving him that look again, like she’s seeing something he didn’t mean to show. He does his best to give her another smile. “I’ve lived in a small town my whole life y’know? Felt like it was time to try out something new.” It’s such a lie he’s surprised he’s able to get it out without choking. Like he doesn’t miss being home every day. Doesn’t miss his family. His siblings. His friends.

“Well,” Cerci says eventually, foot nudging him under the table. “If it means anything, I’m glad you’re here. I know Reg is too, even if he won’t say it.”

Something swells in Evan’s chest, his smile a bit more sincerely this time. “It means something,” he says, almost quietly.   

Cerci smiles back. “Good.”

 

 

They lose.

It’s a good game, and overall they’re having a good season, but it still stings. The locker room is pretty quiet, everyone tired. No one in the mood to fuck around much. Most of the guys  just trying to get home.

Except for Crouch.

Out of the corner of his eye Evan can see him dragging his feet. Taking a painfully long time to undress, to shower, pausing between each step. Evan doesn’t think he’s heard him utter a word since the third period.

Crouch’s father left him standing alone in a parking lot after a win.

Evan can’t imagine what he’ll do to him after a loss.

“Hey,” he walks up, leaning against the stall next to Crouch, most of the other guys already gone. Crouch doesn’t look at him, just keeps doing up the buttons of his shirt at an excruciatingly slow pace. “I was wondering if you’d wanna come over to my place and hang out?”

Crouch’s hands freeze and he frowns at the wall in front of him. “You want me to come over to your house?”

Evan shrugs. “My mom’s ordering pizza and we can just like, chill and play Xbox or whatever?”

Crouch still looks like he’s struggling with the concept. “It’s late,” he finally manages.

“You can stay over, the whole basement is basically my domain, the pull-out couch is actually really comfortable, just ask Connor,” and when Crouch keeps frowning. “Or I can drive you home. Whichever.”

There’s a long moment of silence then. A few of the lingering guys wave to Evan on their way out, and he waves back, Crouch still frozen in place with his shirt half-way done up, like he’s just been handed an impossible math equation to solve.

“Okay,” he says the word carefully. Like he’s trying to see how it’ll taste. Or if it’ll turn around and bite him. 

“Yeah?”

“I—yeah. I just have to…tell my dad.”

Evan smiles, patting him on the back. “Okay cool, I’ll wait for you out front.”

He’s halfway to the door when Crouch calls out to him. Evan turns around and finds the boy’s eyes finally off the back wall.

“Thank you,” he says. The words struggling out of his mouth.

There’s something more in that sentence. Something a little bit sad, and Evan isn’t really sure what to do with it. Isn’t really sure what to do with Barty Crouch at all, honestly. Which is maybe why he keeps finding himself looking at him. Standing near him. Putting himself in his way. Desperate to understand. 

“Yeah man,” Evan manages eventually. “Of course.”

 

 

There’s a fine they have to pay.

That’s all that happens in the end.

No one is suspended, the team isn’t disqualified.

Just a fine.

“Listen,” Potter pulls him aside after they find out. “I can help you pay it, if you need me to?”

Evan smiles tightly. “No, thanks but no, I’ve got it.”

He doesn’t, but he’s not about to take his captain’s money.

James frowns but doesn’t push the matter, squeezing Evan’s shoulder. “Let me know if you change your mind okay?”

“Okay.”

 

 

“What the hell!”  Evan laughs as he throws the controller down on the couch next to him. “How are you so good at this?”

Crouch shrugs. “I like to win.”

“Yeah no shit,” Evan reaches over and takes another slice of pizza from the almost empty box. They’re in his basement, sprawled out on the couch in front of the TV. Crouch’s hair is a little mussed and he has pizza sauce on the corner of his mouth. Evan likes it. Likes seeing him like this—looking like a real person. He feels so much larger than life most of the time. But here, wrinkled on Evan’s couch, he’s…touchable.

“You play a lot?” Evan licks the sauce off his own lips.

“Xbox?” Crouch clarifies.

“Yeah.”

He waggles his head from side to side. “Used to, when I was younger, but, dad doesn’t really like stuff distracting me from hockey.”

Evan nods, swallowing as he tries to pick his words carefully. “Yeah, he seems a bit…intense.”

Crouch stares at the main menu screen on the TV in front of them. “Aren’t all hockey parents?” he says finally.

Evan can’t tell if he’s being evasive on purpose or if he really doesn’t know. Because yes, alright, sometimes his mum does get a bit much, with the team colours, and the signs, and the cheering. Yes, they get up at four in the morning to drive him to practices or skip dinner so they can get him to his games. They put money they could probably be spending on more important things into his skates and his equipment.

His parents are intense.

But they’ve never left him alone in a parking lot before.

“Was he mad tonight?” Evan finds himself pushing. “About the game?”

He doesn’t think Crouch is going to answer but then; “He wasn’t there.”

Evan blinks. “What?”

There’s another pause before Crouch goes on. “He sent me a text. Said he was too embarrassed to stay to the end of the game. Said we’d talk when I got home.”

The tinny music of the video game fills the silence that follows.

“Did—does he know you’re here?”

Crouch shakes his head. “I told him coach was letting me stay late to practice with some of the other guys. That I’d walk home after.”

Evan opens and closes his mouth a few times before he finally manages to speak. “You don’t think he would have let you come?”

“I told you,” Crouch goes on, in that blank tone he so often slips into. “He doesn’t like stuff distracting me from hockey.”

It takes a second for those words to sink in. “He thinks you having friends is a distraction?”

Crouch doesn’t answer. And then: “Lets play another game,” he picks his controller back up, eyes trained on the screen the whole time.

“Crouch—“

“Please,” he practically whispers the word.

Evan has never felt this feeling before. Never felt this horrible sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, like something very bad is happening and he can’t do anything about it. Can’t do anything but watch.

Has never felt this feeling before. Of wanting desperately to reach out and touch someone and knowing that he can’t.

He’d thought Crouch was an asshole. 

But he got it wrong.

He’s not an asshole.

He’s scared.

“Okay,” Evan says finally, swallowing his words. “Yeah, okay.”

 

 

“Can you see us?”

Evan laughs. “Yeah mum, I can see you.”

“What about me!” Abi jumps up and down on Evan’s computer screen.

“Especially you.”

That makes her grin, showing off her two missing teeth. Evan has four younger siblings. Abi and Josh who’re the babies, and then Kate who’s thirteen, and Eleanor who’s fifteen. Since his older sisters are both teenagers neither of them are looking particularly thrilled about the family video call, sitting back on the couch with their arms crossed over their chests.

“How’re you doing bean?” his mum asks, she’s wearing her reading glasses which make her eyes about three times their normal size.

“Good, yeah, real good.”

“Feeling alright?”

He tries not to let his smile falter. “Felling great.”

“You just saw him,” Kate mutters under her breath.

“Oh hush you. I’m his mother, which means I’m allowed to fuss as much as I want.”

Kate just rolls her eyes.

“How’s college doofus?” Eleanor asks.

He smiles. “It’s pretty cool. How’s high school?”

“Garbage.”

“Sounds about right.”

“What about me!” Abi is wiggling around again. “Ask me! Ask me! Ask me!”

Kate lets out a huff.

“Okay, alright,” Evan bites the inside of his cheek to stop himself from smiling too much. “How’s grade one?”

“The best!” she throws her arms up. “I got—I got perfect on my spelling quiz! And—and I learned what a cole-odd-age is.”

“Collage sweetheart.”

“Yeah, a coat-lodge.”

Evan laughs. “Wow, that’s really impressive.”

“You excited for the game on Saturday?” his dad asks, half-yelling, like he thinks Evan won’t be able to hear. Of all the things his father is, technologically savvy is not one of them.

“Sure,” hands in his lap, not that they could see them anyway. “Of course.”

“I can’t believe you’re gonna make me root for the Griffins,” Josh huffs, staring morosely at the screen. “They’re, like, our enemies.”

“Not anymore they’re not,” his mum leans over and kisses the top of Josh’s head.

“You can still cheer for the Leviathans if you want buddy,” Evan says. “I won’t be mad.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

That seems to make his little brother feel significantly better, though he quickly adds; “I’ll still cheer for you too though, just not the Griffins.”

Evan smiles. “Yeah okay.”

His mum pulls Abi up onto her lap. “Hey, did you hear that Barty’s playing?”

“I feel trapped.”

“So walk away.”

“He won’t let me.”

“You’re eighteen, he can’t stop you.”

“Yeah,” he croaks, clasping his hands tighter. “Yeah, I heard.”

“You don’t understand.”

“What? What don’t I understand?”

“He’s all I have left.”

“Should be an interesting game, you two facing off against one another? Well, sort of.”

“You have me.”

“Yeah. It’ll be interesting.”

 

 

Evan isn’t sure how it happens exactly. But it becomes a bit of a habit. Barty coming over to his house. He doesn’t ask what he’s telling his father and Barty doesn’t tell him.

“What the hell do you even talk about?” Connor asks one day, shooting Barty a nervous look across the locker room.

Evan just shrugs. “I don’t know, stuff?”

“Couldn’t be me,” Connor shivers. “Dude gives me the creeps.”

“I thought you said he was a legend?”

“Well, yeah, he is. Doesn’t mean I wanna be his friend.”

That, Evan has noticed, is a common theme in Barty’s life. People want to talk to him about the records he’s breaking, about which team he’s hoping to get drafted by, about whether or not he’s worried someone else will take his number one spot.

No one wants to talk to Barty about Barty.

Which is a shame really, because, as Evan has been delighted to discover, he’s a bit of a weirdo.

“Did you know butterflies are covered in scales?”

Evan snorts, they’re in the field behind his house, throwing a football back and forth. “Fuck off.”

"They are! Their wings are covered in a bunch of tiny little scales that reflect all the colours around them.”

Evan shakes his head, chucking the ball purposefully too far to the left, laughing when Barty reaches and misses. The other boy flips him off.

“So you’re telling me that Butterflies are covered in, like, mirror scales? Like tiny dragons?”

Barty scrunches up his nose as he gets the football. “I mean, the scales are made of chitin which is a transparent protein—“

“Mini dragons,” Evan repeats.

Barty rolls his eyes. “Yeah, sure, mini dragons.”

Evan beams at him and Barty kind of blushes, ducking his head as he throws the ball back.

 

 

“Hey!” Barty slaps Evan’s hand away as he reaches for his fries. “You have your own!”

They’re in the foodcourt at the mall, probably the busiest place in the entire town. Moms with armfuls of shopping bags and little kids causing a ruckus. Evan predictably ran into some people he knows from school, but didn’t talk to them long. Barty doesn’t exactly thrive in group settings.

“Listen,” Evan says while he chews, “stolen food always tastes better, that’s just a fact.”

Barty makes a face at him. “Please chew with your mouth closed.”

This, of course, only leads to Evan opening his mouth wider.

“Ugh, you’re disgusting.”

Evan laughs, stealing another fry.

“You know,” Barty says, looking at his food thoughtfully. “Butterflies taste with their feet?”

Evan arches his brow. “With their feet?”

Barty nods, swallowing before he speaks. “Yup, they have taste receptors on their feet to help them find the right plants.”

Evan considers this for a moment. “So they eat things with their feet?”

“They taste things with their feet.”

“So it’s like having your tongue on your feet?”

“I suppose.”

Evan shakes his head. “And you call me disgusting.”

That makes Barty laugh. 

 

 

“Most butterflies only live for about four weeks,” Barty shares one day as Evan is driving him home. He never stays over. He doesn’t say it’s because of his dad, but then, he doesn’t need to. “Though the Monarch can survive for up to eight months.”

“Huh,” Evan says, coming to a stop at a red light. It’s late and the car is dark. “That’s kind of sad honestly.”

Barty makes a noise like he doesn’t quite agree.“Only humans are sad about death,” he says matter of fact. “Everything else just lives.”

Evan looks over at him, his expression is still hard to read most of the time, but every once and a while Evan will see it crack. See the warmth in his eyes. In his smile. It’s become his new mission to make Barty smile as much as possible.

Evan pulls up at the top of Barty’s street, far enough away that his father won’t be able to see them from his house.

“Hey, why butterflies?”

“What?” Barty asks as he undoes his seatbelt.

“Why are you so obsessed with butterflies?”

Evan knows instantly that he’s said the wrong thing—Barty’s shoulders hunching, his tone defensive when he speaks;. “I’m not obsessed with them.”

“I didn’t mean it in a bad way, c’mon.”

Barty glares at him but doesn’t get out of the car.

“I just meant—why do you know so much about them?”

The light from the street lamps is pooling in Barty’s eyes, making them look big and honest and vulnerable. And that feeling Evan gets with him sometimes, pushes its way to the surface.

The desire to touch,

and touch,

and touch.

Until he knows every part of him by heart.

“My mum used to say that there are places where reality and make believe overlap,” his voice is quiet, like it’s a secret. Like he’s embarrassed. “Things that feel like they belong in stories, like they have a little bit of magic in them. Like dinosaurs and princesses and—“

“Butterflies?” Evan finishes for him.

Barty nods, not meeting his gaze. “Yeah, so. I don’t know, I liked that,” and then, before Evan can think of what to say, Barty laughs coldly. “My father hates it.”

“Why?”

Barty only shakes his head. “Don’t know,” and then; “Hockey players aren’t supposed to be obsessed with butterflies I guess.”

Evan winces. “Bee, you know that’s not what I meant, right?”

Barty’s eyes snap up, wide with shock. Evan can’t figure out why at first but then: “Oh.”

“Bee?”

Now it’s Evan’s turn to blush. “Shit,” he laughs nervously. “Sorry, don’t know where that came from. Just sort of…slipped out.”

Barty keeps staring at him and Evan can’t tell if it’s in a good way or a bad way.

“Swear it was a one time thing. Won’t happen again dude.”

Another moment passes and then; “You can say it…again,” Barty says slowly, like he doesn’t quite trust the words, “if you want to.”

Evan arches his brow. “Yeah?”

“Yeah, it—I like it.” He looks away and something Evan can’t name starts scratching against his ribs.

“Yeah? Cool.”

“But don’t—not at the rink okay?”

Evan nods. “Sure, yeah, okay.”

Barty chews on his bottom lip the way he always does when he’s trying to figure out what to say. “I don’t want it to be a hockey thing. I just want it to be you.”

Evan feels a little breathless but he doesn’t know why. “Yeah,” he says again, voice soft. “Yeah okay.” 

 

 

He’s sitting in his stall, popping his mouthguard in and out of his mouth.

“Now, I know what you’re thinking,” Moody says, standing at the front of the room. “You’re thinking, it’s the beginning of the season. These games don’t count. We can afford to lose a few.” His eyes narrow as they run over the room. “Let me make something very clear: This. Game. Fucking. Matters. Half of our arena out there is full of Salazar fans. They’ve come here, to your goddamn house, to watch you lose. And if you do, that loss will stick with you for the rest of the season, do you understand me? This, right here, this is the game where you decide what kind of team you’re gonna be.”

Sticks are tapped and walls are banged around the room.

Potter steps forward. “We’re a better team than them, I know it and you know it, and tonight we’re gonna make damn sure they know it.”

“Hell yeah we are!” Black shouts, causing the rest of the room to irrupt in similar cheers of support.

“Griffins on three,” Potter calls out over the noise. “One, two, three!”

 

 

It’s just a Tuesday.

Evan is walking Barty home.

And it starts to rain.

The sky above them opens up the way it does sometimes, there’s no real warning. One moment it’s dry and the next they’re soaked.

“Shit.”

“Shit.”

“There,” Barty’s laughing as he shoves Evan towards the trees on the side of the road. “Go, go, go!”

It doesn’t matter, by the time they get there Evan’s clothes are already heavy, hair hanging down in his face, shirt plastered to his body. The tree doesn’t do much, even though they’re hugging the trunk.

Barty is still laughing and Evan has no idea why but he doesn’t want it to stop. His dark hair looks like it’s been slicked back, his cheeks rosy, eyes bright. He’s beautiful.

He’s always beautiful.

He drops his head back against the tree before rolling it towards Evan. “We’re so fucked.”

“It might stop.”

“We’re still walking the rest of the way soaking wet.”

“There are worse things.”

Barty looks at him, eyes running him over. “Yeah. There are.”

Evan finds himself leaning in, like he’s being pulled to Barty, curving towards him. After a few seconds Barty closes his eyes. “Sometimes,” he whispers, the rain pounding on the ground around them, drops so thick it feels like they’re surrounded by a grey curtain. Like they’re hidden. Safe.

“Sometimes,” Barty starts again. “I wish I could just be with you.”

Evan swallows, watching the rain drops drip down the side of Barty’s face. Off the tip of his nose.

“Yeah?” Evan asks, voice rougher than it should be.

“Sometimes,” Barty goes on. “The only thing I don’t hate about my life is you.”

“Bee.”

Barty smiles then, swaying closer to Evan, “I love when you call me that.”

Evan doesn’t know what he’s doing. Just knows that the rest of the world feels very very far away. And all he can think and see and smell is the boy in front of him.

He reaches out, hand unsteady as he runs his knuckle down the side of Barty’s face, feeling his breath catch.

Touch.

And touch.

And touch.

“Bee.”

Barty’s eyes fly open. Wide and frightened and—and something else.

And then he’s pushing forward, going up on his toes and taking Evan’s mouth like it belongs to him. One of Evan’s hands grabs his lower back, the other cradles his head.

Touch.

And touch.

And touch.

Evan has never been kissed like this before. He’s kissed people. Girls mostly. Maybe only. And they were fun, they were nice, they gave him butterflies. But this, this is something else. It takes him apart and puts him back together all at once.

It’s Barty that breaks the kiss. Stumbling backwards, looking terrified.

“I’m sorry.”

Evan blinks. “What?”

“I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. Fuck. Fuck I shouldn’t have done that.”

“Barty.”

“Please d-don’t tell. Fuck, please don’t tell.”

“Barty.”

“I didn’t mean to. I didn’t mean to I just—”

Evan shakes his head, stepping forward and taking Barty’s face between his hands before kissing him again. A surprised noise escaping Barty’s mouth.

“Evan—“

“Kiss me,” he breathes against his lips. “Please, kiss me, anytime you want.”

A somewhat hysterical laugh bubbles out of Barty’s mouth before he does as he’s asked. Melting into Evan’s arms, both of them clinging to one another, scattered raindrops slipping through the leaves above them.

It’s just a Tuesday.

 

 

The two teams skate around their respective sides of the rink, warming up, no one crossing the centre line. The arena is packed, every seat in the place taken. Still, when Evan skates out onto the ice and looks into the crowd he finds Regulus and Cerci looking back at him. Cerci is dressed head to toe in red and gold, complete with lines of red face paint drawn under her eyes. Regulus, on the other hand, is wearing a nondescript blue sweater.

But he waves.

And Evan waves back.

 

 

“What do you think it’ll be like, college?”

“Dunno. Beer pong and babes?”

A juvenile snort.

“Beer pong and babes?”

“And you.”

“Me?”

“Yeah. Always you Bee.”

Barty gives him a soft smile, he’s been doing more of that lately. A second later he’s leaning over Evan, kissing him. He pulls back slowly, their noses still touching.

“Evan?”

“Hmm,” Evan hums, feeling particularly pleased.

“You know I’m not going to College right? I’m going to go pro, right away.”

Evan smiles sadly at him. “Yeah, I know. But I’ll still get to watch you.”

“I mean, if I get any ice time. If I don’t get sent down to the minors.”

Evan shakes his head, reaching up and tucking a piece of hair behind Barty’s ear. “Nah, you’re gonna play. You’re gonna be amazing. Calder Trophy contender for sure.”

“Oh god shut up,” he laughs, trying to cover Evan’s mouth with his hand. “You’re gonna jinx me.”

Evan just kisses his palm. And then each of his fingers. His knuckles. Barty watching on with dazed amazement.

“I wish I wasn’t,” he says eventually.

Evan looks up at him. “Wasn’t what?”

“Going pro. I wish I could go to school. I wish I could stay with you.”

Why don’t you, Evan almost asks. But he doesn’t. The answer is always the same.

His dad.

 

 

Potter and Riddle line up at the face off, eyes locked on one another. Evan can see their lips moving but he has no idea what they’re saying. The crowd already losing it and the puck hasn’t even been dropped yet. Evan doesn’t let himself look down the line of players. Doesn’t let himself focus on the familiar jersey number to Riddle’s left.     

“Oh man,” Danny says beside him on the bench. “Shit is going down this game.”

The puck hits the ice.

 

 

“It’ll be different,” Evan says, still from his bedroom floor. “Once you’re there. Once you’re playing, living your dream.”

Barty’s expression is serious, wrinkled, and Evan wants desperately to smooth it out. “You want to know a secret?”

“What?” Evan asks.

“You can’t tell anyone.”

“I would never.”

There’s a pause and then:“It’s not my dream.”

Evan frowns. “No?”

“It’s my fucking nightmare.”

 

 

Evan slams into the boards, his whole left side screaming in pain as the Salazar player who just checked him skates off with the fucking puck. He can feel his shoulder pulsing as he pushes back out onto the ice, ready to kill someone.

The game is tied. One goal for each side.

Evan doesn’t know why it happens.

Doesn’t know when. Doesn’t see the shift change.

But one minute he’s staring at the back of the asshole who stole his puck, and the next he’s staring at Barty.

 

 

It’s a tense game. They’re in the finals. They could win the tournament. But Barty’s been off all night. Weirdly nervy. Fidgeting with his stick, his laces. Knees bouncing up and down as his eyes dart about.

“You okay?” Evan asked him on the bench.

He’d gotten a jerky head nod in response and nothing else.

Now, on the ice, he can still feel it. The effortless way Barty usually makes it up the rink is stilted. He isn’t connecting on passes, is missing scoring opportunities. It’s like his head is somewhere else. Evan wants to grab him and pull him off the ice, wants to force Barty to tell him what’s wrong? What’s happened?

But all he can do is watch.

Like a car crash.

 

 

Evan doesn’t know if the fact that Barty is hurting is as obvious to everyone else as it is to him but he thinks it must be. He’s favouring his left side, shying away from hits, and moving far slower than he normally does. But despite all that, he’s still a phenomenal player, still outsmarting  almost everyone on the ice. It only takes him a few seconds to score a goal. 

 

He sees it happening and he doesn’t.

It’s fast. Everything in hockey is fast.

Split seconds.

One minute the other team’s forward is pulling his stick back for a slap shot right in front of the net. Evan racing, trying to get to him. Embarrassed that he’s given him this opportunity. And the next Barty is standing in front of the net.

He’s standing in front of the net.

Evan doesn’t understand how he got there.

He shouldn’t be this far back.

He shouldn’t be blocking a fucking slap shot.

And that’s all Evan has time to think before Barty is on the ice.

 

 

He’s taking the puck along the boards, hears scrambling behind him but doesn’t look. Eyes forward. Finding his winger. The puck has barely left his tape when he feels himself being shoved. It’s not a proper check, not nearly hard enough. And when he looks up he finds dark eyes staring at him through the cage of a helmet.

God it hurts.

“Hey Bee.”

Barty’s eyes flash, but before either of them can say anything the buzzer goes off. The Griffins have scored another goal. The game is once again tied.

 

 

The ref blows his whistle but Evan doesn’t even hear it. Sliding down to his knees next to Barty. His face is contorted with pain, grabbing hold of his leg and writhing around.

“Ahhhhhh”

“Bee? Bee?”

“Ahhhhh, fuck, fuck oh fuck.”

“Bee look at me, you’re okay, it’s okay, you’re gonna be okay.”

“No. No. No.”

“I promise—“

“No. Don’t make me break another one. Enough. Please let this be enough. Fuck. Oh fuck it hurts.”

Something cold drips down Evan’s spine then.

It wasn’t an accident.

Of course it wasn’t an accident.

Barty, who is always so controlled out on the ice, who seems to know what everyone is going to do before they do it. Faster and smarter than every other player. Put himself in harms way on purpose.

Because he wanted to get hurt.

“Don’t make me break another one.”

 

 

It’s during his next shift that Barty gets in his way again.

“Pretty sure you have goals to score don’t you?”

But Barty doesn’t listen, just keeps dogging him. “Fight me.”

Evan splutters. “What?”

Barty moves in front of him and gives his chest a hard shove. “Fight me.”

Evan just stares at him for a moment before shaking his head. “Jesus Christ Bee—“

“STOP THAT!”

Evan blinks, momentarily stunned by the magnitude of the anger in Barty’s voice.

“You promised,” the words shake. “Not at the rink. You promised.”

Oh.

Evan opens his mouth but nothing comes out, and then, a second later, the ref is coming over to them.

“Break it up you two, before I give you penalties for unsportsmanlike conduct!”

Without looking at him Barty skates away.

 

 

They don’t need a spinal board but it does take two people to get Barty off the ice. He goes straight down the tunnel. Coach letting them know a few minutes later that an ambulance has been called.

Evan can’t think about anything else for the rest of the game.

 

 

The Griffins lose.

The final score 3 - 2.

They lose against their rival on home ice.

Evan is halfway through changing in a near dead silent locker room when his phone buzzes. For a moment he just stares at it. It could be any number of people. But somehow he knows it won’t be.

 

B

meet by the picnic tables

my bus leaves in 30

 

“Hey Rosy?”

He looks up, nearly dropping his phone.

Danny gives him a funny look but doesn’t comment. “We’re heading down to the Leaky Cauldron to drown our sorrows, you coming?”

“Uh…” he fumbles, phone burning in his hand. “Uh—yeah—yeah okay, just um, just gotta go to my room first and grab my fake. But I’ll meet you there okay?”

“Cool, cool.”

 

 

Barty’s knee is fractured.

He needs surgery.

He’s out for the rest of the season.

He’s out for at least the beginning of next season. According to the doctor he might never get back full motion in it again.

“So…what are you going to do?” Evan asks, sitting next to Barty’s bed in the hospital. “I mean this is—this is your chance right? If you want it? If you wanna…walk away? He has to…I mean he has to let you now right?”

Barty doesn’t look at him. Doesn’t speak. At least not for a long time.

“Dad wants me to go to Salazar,” he says finally. “Says I can do my rehabilitation there, that he’ll have me back on the ice by mid-season, and then I can enter the draft next year.” He repeats all of this in an empty voice. It makes Evan’s stomach curdle.

“Barty—“

“No one wants an injured player,” it’s like listening to someone else speak out of his mouth. “But a player who’s made a brilliant recovery? That shows resilience. I could still go in the first round.”

“No,” Evan reaches out and takes his hand. “You don’t want this.”

Barty grits his teeth. “And you know that do you?”

Evan doesn’t bother bringing up all the moments that Barty has told him so. He can’t see the point.

“You just broke your fucking kneecap, I’m not going to let you—“

“Let me? Since when do you let me do things?”

Evan squeezes Barty’s hand. “It makes you miserable.”

There’s a long pause, some of the anger draining from Barty’s face, and when he looks at Evan he seems small. Lost. ”We could be together,” he whispers. “At school. Like we talked about. I thought you’d—don’t you want that?”

Evan feels like his chest is caving in. “I want that,” he says. “Of course I want that but Barty, you can’t keep doing this to yourself. You can’t keep playing when it fucks you up like this.”

Barty doesn’t say anything but Evan isn’t letting this go. Not this time. 

“You’re killing yourself.”

“It’s hockey, people get hurt all the time. It’s not a big deal.”

He swallows, throat tight. “You broke your knee.”

Barty only shakes his head, though he’s unable to keep the tremble out of his voice when he says, “I blocked a shot. That’s all.”

Evan wants to shake him, wants to scream. Wants to break something. “Bee don’t do this.”

“It’s none of your business anyway.”

“Please, I’m begging you don’t do this.” 

“Evan stop. Stop it,” he looks at him, eyes stern. “It’s done. It—it’s been decided.”

“By your dad?”

“I said stop!”

Evan shakes his head. “I’m not going to stand by and watch you hurt yourself.”

“Then leave!”

The words feel like they stick to the air in the room. Feel like they hover there between them. Unavoidable. And Evan doesn’t know what to do. Doesn’t know how to fix this. He doesn’t know what to do.

“Okay,” he says finally, voice weak.

Because he meant what he said.

He can’t watch this.

He can’t be on the ice helpless as Barty breaks himself apart until he finally does something bad enough.

Hurt flickers across Barty’s face before his expression shutters.

“Get out.”

Evan’s mouth is dry, he wants to protest, wants to tell him no. But he can’t. He can’t be here. He can’t act like this is fine.

“Okay,” he manages again. 

He feels numb when he walks out of that room.

 

 

There’s an area just to the side of the arena, slightly hidden by the building, next to the parking lot. When Evan rounds the corner he finds Barty sitting on top of one of the picnic benches that have been shoved back there, mostly used by smokers or teenagers getting drunk for the first time.

For a moment Evan can’t move. It’s been months since they’ve been this close and almost immediately he feels the old familiar beating in his chest;

touch

and touch.

And touch.

He decides maybe it’s best not to move any closer.

“Hey.” 

Barty starts, whipping around. His hair is wet from the showers, and for a moment, just a moment, he looks so much like he did that day.

The first time.

Evan’s hand wraps more tightly around the strap of his gym bag, watching warily as Barty gets to his feet. The pair of them now just standing, facing one another.

touch.

and touch.

and touch.

“How’s your knee?”

“Don’t start.”

“I feel like it’s a pretty fair question to ask.”

“It’s fine.”

“Really?”

Barty glares at him. “Don’t get snippy with me just because you lost.”

But Evan isn’t having that. “How many painkillers did you have to take to get out on that ice today, huh? Or did your dad just shoot you full of Toradol?”

A guilty look crosses Barty’s face before he’s able to get it under control and Evan feels his heart drop.

“That was a joke. That was supposed to be a joke. Are you fucking kidding me?”

“It’s fine,” Barty repeats. “I’m being careful.”

“Being careful?” he’s getting too loud, he knows, can see it in the nervous way Barty’s eyes bounce around. But he doesn’t care. “You’re taking Toradol shots for a fucking season opener? What the hell about that is careful?”

“Okay, thank you for your input Saint Hockey, I didn’t come here to get lectured.”

“Then what did you come here for Bee?”

Because he doesn’t know. Really hasn’t got a clue.

“What did you come here for?” he asks again, when Barty continues to stand there staring at him, some mixture of hatred and desire and sadness screwing up his face. 

And then Barty moves. Closing the space between them, going up on his toes and kissing Evan, who kisses him right back.

“Bee—“

“You said kiss me,” he murmurs nonsensically. “You said kiss me anytime you want.”

Evan thinks maybe he whimpers.

“But I always want you,” breathing heavy. “I always want.”

He knows better than this. Knows it’ll only make it all harder. But he still lets the bag slide off his shoulder, still lets himself pull Barty closer. He’s missed him. Hell he still misses him, even now, while he’s holding him, he misses him. Knowing that he’ll go away again.

The pair stumbles backwards.

“Sorry, your knee.”

Barty shakes his head, hand on the back of Evan’s neck bringing them together. “Fuck my knee.”

Not for the first time Evan wonders if he made a mistake, walking away from this. It’s not as though it made any difference. Barty is hurting himself anyway. So couldn’t he have just stayed? Couldn’t they have just…kept on as they were? Was it so much more horrible to watch him destroy himself up close than it is to watch him do it from a distance? Both leave Evan empty in the end.

“Oh shit.”

They practically jump apart, Evan turning around to find Regulus standing there, eyes wide. He can feel Barty getting ready to run or, god, who knows, so he reaches out, grabbing his arm and holding him steady.

“Hey Reg,” he sounds breathless, but he tries to smile, tries not to let his voice waver. “This is my friend Barty,” he can feel Barty shaking under his hand and he tries to give him a reassuring squeeze.

Regulus is still just staring at them, and Evan silently prays that he isn’t about to freak out because he doesn’t know how he’s going to calm down him and Barty at the same time.

But then Regulus shakes his head, like he’s waking up. “Er—yeah, right, hi. You played a good game out there.”

There’s a pause before Barty stiffly replies: “Thanks.”

“You project your movements though, I expect that’s at least partially due to your injury, but still. You might want to work on making your intentions less apparent.”

Evan has to bite down on the inside of his lip to keep from laughing.

“Thank you for your constructive criticism,” Barty says dryly.

Regulus looks like he’s about to open his mouth again and Evan figures he better step in before they kill each other.

“Reg, would you mind just giving us a second?”

Regulus’s mouth instantly snaps shut, cheeks flushing pink. “Right, fuck, sorry.”

Evan smiles at him again, a bit softer. “It’s fine. Really.”

“Ok, so, yeah, I’ll just…go over, away and…yeah.” Regulus stuffs his hands in his jacket pockets and disappears back around the corner.

For a second neither Barty nor Evan move, Evan still holding his arm. When he looks at the other boy he finds his eyes on the ground.

“It’s okay,” he says, trying to reassure himself as well. “Reg is a friend, he’s not gonna—he’s not gonna tell anyone.”

There’s a long pause before Barty speaks. “Are you and him…?”

The implication is so absurd that it takes Evan several seconds to work it out. He laughs. “No, I—no. He’s just a friend. I swear,” and then, because he’s an idiot. Because he can’t help himself; “I haven’t been with anyone since…there hasn’t been anyone else.”

Barty doesn’t say anything, just leans forward, pressing his face into Evan’s chest, and Evan’s hand comes up to hold him there.

They stay like that for a while.

“I should go,” Barty sighs eventually. 

Evan does his best not to wince at the way that feels like a punch to the gut, slowly letting his arms fall away as Barty steps back. “Yeah,” voice rough, “yeah okay.”

Barty throws his bag over his shoulder, not really looking at Evan as he brushes past him towards the parking lot.

“Bee?” he calls out before Barty can completely disappear. The other boy stops, reluctantly turning around. His shoulders are tense, and he’s still doing his best not to look at Evan. “What…was this?”

He doesn’t know why he’s asking. Doesn’t know why it feels like it’s always up to Barty. Maybe because he’s the one who starts it.

After a long pause Barty finally meets his gaze, wearing that same empty expression he had the first day Evan met him.

“Nostalgia,” he says without feeling. Turning on his heel and walking away.

Evan supposes he deserves that.

After all,

he’s the one who walked away first.

 

 

It’s a few minutes before Evans’s able to make himself move again. Before he can pick up his bag and step back out into the open.

Not that he gets very far.

“Oh—hey,” he stops at the sight of Regulus sitting on the ground just on the other side of the wall, back pressed to the arena.

“Listen, Evan, I’m so sorry,” he starts going almost immediately, not even looking up from his knees. “I didn’t mean—we couldn’t get a hold of you, which obviously should have been a clue that you were busy but for some reason I didn’t think about that, and then Sirius said he saw you come this way so I came to check and I just didn’t think—I didn’t think. But I should have. I’m sorry.”

Evan blinks, trying to take that all in, looking down at Regulus who very much appears to have spent the last twenty minutes sitting here, eating himself alive. With a sigh, Evan drops his bag before sitting down next to him. 

“It’s okay.”

“And then I was rude to him!”

Evan laughs, “Yeah, I kinda liked that bit though. It was very you.”

Regulus groans, dropping his face into his hands. “I just didn’t know what to say!”

“I think you did alright, all things considered,” and then, when Regulus continues to hide his face, he gives him a nudge. “Thank you.”

“Literally what can you possibly be thanking me for right now?”

Evan shrugs. “For…not being…bad about it.” He frowns, it’s not exactly what he means, but he isn’t sure how else to phrase it.

Regulus finally lifts his head, looking at him, and Evan lets him. Waits to hear whatever it is he has to say.

“It must be hard, for the two of you, with hockey being the way it is,” he gestures vaguely at the arena they’re both leaning against.

“It’s…complicated.”

To be honest, Evan isn’t really sure what it is him and Barty are afraid of. Sometimes it feels like it’s everything. And sometimes it feels like they're making a big fuss out of nothing. Barty has his dad. His dad who wants him to become the face of the NHL more than anything else in the world. There’s no room for being queer in that dream.

But Evan…he supposes he’s nervous about how his teammates might react. Worried about whether or not it would stop teams from wanting him in the future. But sometimes he feels like he’s just hiding because Barty’s hiding. Sometimes he feels like he’s just doing it because it’s what people expect him to do.

Wanting Barty never really scared Evan.

And if it does now, well, that’s not because he’s a boy.

“I can’t believe you were making out with Barty Crouch,” Regulus says suddenly, like it’s only just sinking in. “He was like…amazing.”

“Still is,” automatic.

Regulus makes a face. “Yeah, fuck, sorry. That was a stupid thing to say. Of course he is,” and then, groaning, “I can’t believe I told Barty Crouch he projects his movements too much.”

Evan laughs. “He’ll get over it.”

Regulus doesn’t look convinced but he seems willing to let the topic drop. For a moment they don’t talk, just listening to the people in the distance still trickling out of the arena—car doors slamming, fans chanting, beer cans being kicked.

“I—“ Regulus starts and then stops. Evan waits for him. “I—“ and then he laughs, though there’s something sad about it. “You know, I’ve already come out once. This shouldn’t be that hard.”

Evan watches him for a minute, and then: “Don’t take this the wrong way, but you don’t seem particularly…out,” not that he’s an expert, mind you. 

Regulus smiles dryly. “Well, I’m not. But I did come out, I worked myself up to it and everything. I told Cerci first and then I called Sirius,” he pauses, kicking at the ground. “I was so fucking scared, you know? To tell him.”

“Because of hockey?” Evan asks.

Regulus nods. “I didn’t think he would like, disown me or anything. I didn’t think it would make him stop loving me but…I was worried that,” he rubs at his eyes. “Worried it would make him love me a little bit less.” Those last few words are a whisper, Regulus picking nervously at his knees.

“But it didn’t?” Evan doesn’t need to phrase that as a question. He knows it didn’t. He’s heard how Sirius talks about his little brother.

Regulus gives him a shaky smile. “No, no well, he’s Sirius. He doesn’t really care much about rules or conventions or anyone telling him what to do,” there’s another moment and then, “He told me he was proud of me.”

Evan doesn’t know why that makes him feel emotional, maybe it has something to do with the way Regulus says it. Like those words are something he wraps up carefully and hides at the back of his dresser. Something precious he doesn’t ever want to lose.

“So you came out,” Evan tries to understand. “But you aren’t…out?”

“Ah well,” Regulus’s lips twitch. “I sort of…took it back.”

“Took it back?”

“Yeah, you know, did a little just kidding guys, not really gay, but wasn’t that fun? kinda thing?”

Evan can’t help it, he laughs, “Sorry.”

“It’s okay.”

“It’s not really funny.”

“It’s a bit funny.”

“But why…I mean, why not be out? Why take it back? After all that?”

Regulus stares at the parking lot for a minute, and Evan can tell that whatever it is, he doesn’t want to say it. “You wanna know the pathetic truth?” he asks eventually.

“Yeah.”

“Because my mom told me to.”

And that…

That doesn’t feel good.

Like something won’t settle in the pit of Evan’s stomach.

“What do you mean?” he asks carefully.

Regulus pulls at his jeans. “Well, when I told my parents, at first they just…didn’t really react. Actually they…” Regulus’s voice cuts out and he swallows, taking his time before he speaks again. “They kind of ignored me for a few days.”

Evan opens and closes his mouth. Not at all sure what to say to that.

“They ignored you?” he finally manages.

“Yeah, I don’t know, I guess they were…processing? But they just sort of…stopped speaking to me.”

Evan stares at him. “Shit, Regulus,” he says, horrified. “I’m so sorry.”

He shrugs. “It’s fine. I mean…it wasn’t great at the time. But it was—y’know, some kids' parents kick them out of the house. Or, I don’t know, they hit them. Mine just…gave me the silent treatment for a few days.”

Evan can’t imagine that. Can’t imagine what it would be like if his parents just stopped talking to him. Can’t imagine living in a house where everyone was acting like he didn’t exist.

“Anyway,” Regulus goes on, voice a little strained. “Eventually my mom came to me and told me that…I don’t know. That she didn’t want me to be gay, I guess. And didn’t I want to…to be someone she wanted? And I did so…I took it back.” There’s a pause, and then, “Not sure Sirius was so proud of me after that.”

The wind blows through them and Regulus pulls his jacket a little tighter around himself, Evan trying to work out what to say. He can’t help thinking about the hospital, the way Regulus and Sirius had seemed so awkward when his mum had hugged them. The way Regulus had sounded back in their dorm room, when he called her nice. He’d thought it was funny at the time. He doesn’t now.  

“I’m not really,” Regulus goes on “…ideal.”

Evan’s brow furrows. “What do you mean?”

Regulus looks at him and then away. “Well, you know, I’m…kind of…odd.”

“You’re alright.”

Regulus snorts. “Thanks.”

“I mean that.”

“Yeah,” he smiles down at his knees. “Yeah, I know you do. Anyway, this just feels like another way that I’m…inadequate, I suppose. And I don’t want to advertise that, if I don’t have to.”

Evan shakes his head, running a hand over his face. “Damn dude,” he manages finally, “you’re really fucked up, huh?”

That gets Regulus to laugh, it’s a big one, loud. He shoves Evan who shoves him right back.

“Okay, new goal,” Evan says, smiling now.

“Was there an old goal?”

Evan just waves the question away. “New goal," doubling down, "is find Regulus a boy to kiss.”

Regulus’s eyes go wide, “No, I—I can’t—“

“Listen,” Evan interrupts. “Come out, don’t come out, that’s your business. But there’s no way I’m going to let you hide in our room being all sad and shit. Absolutely not.” He chooses to ignore the voice in his head that says he’s talking as much to himself as to Regulus. 

“Evan—“

“Am I allowed to rope Cerci into this? I feel like she’s probably a kickass wing woman.”

“There is no this!” Regulus insists.

Evan squints at him. “I mean, there could be, there could be cute boys in your future—“

“Okay, you can’t say cute boys it’s weirding me out.”

“That’s some internalized homophobia shit, you should probably work on that.”

 Regulus laughs again, which is good. Nice. The sun nearly set over top of them, streaks of red and pink making everything glow.

“Thank you,” Regulus says suddenly.

Evan gives him a look. “For what?”

Regulus just shrugs. “For not…being bad about it.”

Evan feels his heart melt a little, a soft smile coming over his face as he leans into Regulus’s side. “I’ve got your back,” he says sincerely.

Regulus’s dark eyes hold his.

“Yeah. I know.” 

 
Notes:

    Was that okay?

    I hope that was okay

    I know it's a little disorienting at the start and I can't decide if I like that or not, like Evan is kinda disoriented so we are also kinda disoriented but also maybe it's just bad writing? I can't tell

    In any case, Barty will be back, this is not the end of that story line, or the end of the rookie party story either, I promise.

    I also promise we're gonna get back to some Jegulus content in the next few chapters!!!!

    Thank you for reading!!!!! Hope you're all doing swell :)

Chapter 7
Summary:

    Surprise

Notes:

    So, here's the thing, I know nothing about finance or business, nor did I try to learn anything for this fic, so if you do know anything about business or finance, I apologize

    tw Non-consensual physical touch, it's an HR violation but it's not criminal, if that makes sense? But it is uncomfortable for a second so be careful

    tw there's like a bit of violence but it's pretty low-key

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I  Regulus

 

He’s trying to concentrate on his work. Lucius has him creating profiles of each financial year for the company they’ve just taken on. It’s boring and repetitive and doing nothing to keep Regulus’s thoughts from running in circles. His leg bounces impatiently under his desk. He doesn’t know when he’s going to get out of here. He should have been done an hour ago but then Lucius asked if he wouldn’t mind staying behind to finish things up and while, of course he minds, because he has an impossible number of readings to do for his classes, he obviously said yes.

He doesn’t know how people say no to things but he wishes someone would tell him.

His eyes flick up to the time in the corner of his computer screen, watching the minutes tick closer and closer to 6:30. He still has another three years worth of files to sort through. There’s no way he’s getting out of here before nine.

Fuck.

On top of all of that, he left his wallet in his room. Evan said he would drop it off after practice but Regulus has no idea when that’ll be. He would have thought he’d be here by now but he has yet to see a giant blond hockey player wandering between cubicles.

Which is fine.

It’s fine.

Everything is going to be fine.

“How’s it coming?”

He nearly falls out of his chair as he whirls around to find Lucius standing behind him. He has his hands in the pockets of his dress pants, the jacket he’d been wearing earlier done away with, leaving him in just a white button up.

He smiles at Regulus. “Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you.”

“No, it’s fine,” Regulus tries to smile back. “I was just…” he waves vaguely at the computer screen.

“Ah yes, I know the feeling,” it’s in the silence that follows that Regulus becomes aware of how very empty the office is. In fact, he’s not really sure who else is still there.

“What year are you on now?” Lucius asks, stepping further into the cubicle.

Regulus swivels back around in his chair to face his desk, happy to have something to talk about, even if it is stupid, boring numbers. The jittery feeling caused by Lucius’s sudden appearance has not quite gone yet, leaving him on edge.

Well,

more on edge than he was before.

“I’m about three years off still, this next file shouldn’t take long, but the two after that are more complicated. More—uh—“ he stutters as Lucius leans over him, hands planted on his desk, essentially boxing Regulus in. 

Which is normal.

Probably.

It’s not like he thinks anything is going to happen, they’re in the office for goodness' sake. Even if it is empty, anyone could walk by. Plus, there are security cameras. This is probably just—I mean people touch, he’s seen them. People like Sirius, like James, like Cerci. They find it easy. Regulus is the one being weird here.

“Uh—“ he clears his throat, trying to start again. “There were more fluctuations in the market so, the uh, the numbers for those years are a bit more complicated.”

“Mm,” Lucius hums, leaning in closer.

He’s just trying to look at the screen, Regulus knows that, so he does his best not to cringe as Lucius practically presses himself against Regulus’s back. “I like what you’ve done here,” the older man motions to the graph in front of them. “We need to keep an eye on those descending trends.”

“Yeah, I figured you’d want to—um—want to be able to see the—um—“

Lucius laughs, leaning back only a bit. “Breathe Regulus, no need to be so stressed, you’re doing a good job.”

Regulus looks at him briefly and then back at his desk, smiling a little. “Thanks.” That does feel nice. Having someone…notice him. The work that he’s been doing. Nice until Lucius’s hands come up to his shoulders and squeeze.

“You need to relax,” he says, as he starts—there’s no other word for it—massaging Regulus. “You’re so tense.”

If Regulus hadn’t been tense before, he certainly is now.

He doesn’t know what to do. He freezes, breath catching in his chest. This can’t be right, can it? Can it? Fuck. He should have asked Cerci, he should have asked her how people are supposed to act with their bosses. He should have made sure. His eyes dart around the office but he doesn’t see anyone.

“I should, um, I should probably get back to it,” he tries, voice wobbling all over the place.

Lucius only laughs again. “You can take a few more minutes, you’ve been working hard,” he drops his mouth down next to Regulus’s ear. “Let me reward you.”

Regulus squeezes his eyes shut.

Oh fuck.

Oh fuck.

Oh fuck.

“I—“

“Regulus?”

Lucius’s hands instantly drop away from his shoulders, though he takes his time turning around, like he isn’t surprised by the new arrival. Regulus can’t. Turn around that is. He just needs…a second.

He inhales.

Exhales.

Real slow.

“And who are you?” he hears Lucius ask.

“Regulus? Are you okay?”

“He’s fine.”

“Funny, I wasn’t asking you.”

It’s not until that moment that it really registers with Regulus who the voice belongs to. “James?” he asks finally, forcing himself to move. He finds James and Lucius glaring at one another. They’re about the same height, but one of them spends his days behind a desk and the other playing hockey and the difference is apparent.

“James, what are you doing here?”

He’s in sweats, hat backwards on his head. He must have come from the arena.

There’s a bit of pause before he speaks. “Rosy got held up, asked me if I could drop off your wallet.” He doesn’t take his eyes off of Lucius when he speaks. He also doesn’t get out Regulus’s wallet.

“How kind,” Lucius says stiffly, smiling in that way he does—with empty eyes. “We were actually in the middle of something, so, if you wouldn’t mind just handing it over and heading on your way.”

James doesn’t move.

“You the guy who’s been texting him all the time?”

Lucius’s smile stays in place. “That’s really none of your business.”

“You wanna bet?”

“James,” Regulus interrupts, eyes bouncing nervously between the pair of them. “It’s fine, just give me my wallet okay?” It’s not that he thinks James is in any real danger, he doesn’t. But Lucius is…he has power. He has money. He’s not the kind of person you wanna piss off. Not to mention the chill that runs down Regulus’s spine at the thought of Lucius mentioning this to his mother. She doesn’t need anymore reasons to hate James.

“Well, you heard him,” Regulus really wishes Lucius would stop looking so smug, it isn’t helping things.

But James only shakes his head. “If you think I’m leaving him here with you after what I just saw—“

“And what exactly did you see?” Lucius’s voice is sharp as he takes another step towards James, the pair nearly toe to toe now. “Huh? What did you see little boy?”

James doesn’t answer, just holds his ground, fists clenched at his sides. And Lucius. Keeps. Smiling.

“That’s what I thought.”

“You really think you’re untouchable, huh?”

Lucius runs his tongue over his teeth. A gesture that cannot be described as anything but predatory. “I don’t think. I am. Especially for someone like you,” he gives James a dismissive once over. Brave, considering James likely has more muscles in his pinky finger than Lucius has in his whole body. 

“What do you think this is, the sixties or something? There are fucking laws against this shit. I’ll go to HR.” 

“James please,” Regulus gets shakily to his feet, he doesn’t even know what he’s planning to do, he just wants to put an end to this whole nightmare of a situation. It’s embarrassing, honestly.

“You can’t go to HR, you don’t work here,” Lucius is practically laughing in James’s face, not noticing or caring about the growing rage in the boy in front of him. “Regulus would have to make that complaint.” For the first time since James walked in Lucius turns to Regulus, who flinches despite his best efforts not to. “Are you going to make a complaint Regulus?”

He hates this.

Hates this.

Hates this.

Cold grey eyes cut right through him. And all he can hear is his mother’s voice:

Lucius is an important connection for you to make, he’s talked about very highly by the right people. It’s important that you impress him.

I had to pull a lot of strings to get you that job.

“No,” Regulus finally manages to choke out. “I’m not going to make a complaint.”  He can’t even look at James, knows he won’t understand. But Regulus doesn’t want to make this a whole thing. It wouldn’t make a difference anyway, he’s no one at this company. But Lucius? Lucius matters.

“Well then, I think that settles things,” Lucius says to James. “So you can quite kindly get the fuck out of my building.” He jabs James right in the middle of his chest. Regulus sees it like it’s happening in slow motion and yet, somehow, still doesn’t act fast enough to stop it. 

James lunges, slamming Lucius down onto the desk with his hand on his throat. For all his bravado, Lucius panics almost immediately, making a rather high-pitched squawk as he knocks papers and pens onto the floor.

“You dirty old fucker,” James growls, lifting Lucius up just enough to slam him back down.

“James!”  Regulus tries to yank James backwards but it’s like he’s made out of stone.

“You touch him again I will cut your hands off and shove them down your throat you understand me?”

Lucius is scratching at his arm, legs flailing. Regulus doesn’t think James is choking him exactly, but he’s coming pretty damn close.

“James—“

“I don’t want you texting him, I don’t want you looking at him—if I can’t go to HR I’ll go to the cops fucker, you watch.”

“JAMES STOP.”

Regulus isn’t sure if it’s the shouting or if he just suddenly gets an unprecedented burst of strength, but the next time he shoves James the other boy lets go, stumbling back and looking at Regulus with wide eyes, almost like he’s surprised to see him there.

“Reg—“

But Regulus turns away from him. “Lucius I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry. I didn’t even know he was coming, I promise. I’ll get him out.”

Lucius is coughing as he sits up, rubbing at his throat before he runs a hand over his usually immovable hair. “See that you do,” his voice is scratchy, pale skin covered in red splotches. To his horror, Regulus thinks he can just make out the faint imprints of bruises on Lucius’s neck.

Fuck,

they are so getting sued.

“And Regulus?” Lucius says, as Regulus starts herding James as best he can towards the elevators. He looks back, impressed by how quickly Lucius has managed to regain his composure. “I don’t think I’ll be needing your help on this project any longer.”

For one moment Regulus thinks about begging.

No please.

Don’t.

Don’t tell my mom.

Please.

But he does have some self-respect, surprisingly enough, so all he does is nod. Unable to form any words as he grabs his bag from the back of his chair.

“Regulus—“

“Move,” he snaps at James, who has the decency to look at least a little embarrassed. “Now.”

With a parting glare at Lucius James does as he’s told, the two of them walking towards the elevators in silence, Regulus shaking.

Shockingly, James has enough sense not to try to speak to Regulus while they’re in an enclosed space, though he does keep giving him annoyingly nervous looks out of the corners of his eyes. The minute they step outside, however, it seems he’s no longer able to restrain himself. 

“You can’t let him treat you like that.”

Regulus doesn’t respond, walking ahead and staring very intently in front of him. He isn’t even really paying attention to where he’s going. He just needs to get away from this building and away from James fucking Potter.

“I mean it Reg.”

Regulus tries to speed up but James has frustratingly long legs.

“Does Sirius know? Or your mom? She’s the one who got you the job right? Surely she could do something about it?”

Regulus crosses the street in front of him without even checking to see if there are any cars coming.

Hit me, he thinks.It couldn’t possibly make this day any worse.

The sun is bright in his eyes, warm and yellow and just beginning to go down. He emphatically does not notice the things it does to James’s skin. The way he seems to soak it up. Glow with it. Fucking Greek-god-kinda beauty that should be illegal.

“We should make a complaint,” James is going on.

“We,” Regulus can’t help repeating bitterly. James doesn’t notice.

“I’m pretty sure Wurst’s dad is a lawyer, I’ll ask him. There’s gotta be something we can get Lucius fired for here, between your phone and my witness statement—“

Witness statement? Jesus Christ.

“Hey, do you know if there are security cameras in there? There must be, right? Fancy fucking place like that? I bet we could—“

Regulus whips around and shoves him. Two hands, palms flat, right in the centre of his chest. He puts his weight behind it, though he still reckons the shock is the real reason James stumbles back so far. 

“What the hell?”

They’re not walking anymore, standing on the deserted sidewalk facing one another, cars whipping by on the road next to them. James has the sun behind him, of course.

“I told you to cut this shit out,” Regulus snaps. “I fucking told you! I can’t believe we’re having this conversation again.”

James looks bewildered. “What? This is completely different!”

“No. It isn’t. Boundaries James, fucking boundaries. How many do you think you crossed in there?” Regulus jabs his finger back towards the office. “You just can’t help yourself can you?” 

It only takes a minute before James goes from bewildered to outraged. “He had his hands on you!”

Regulus does his best to ignore the embarrassed blush creeping up his neck. “I can handle it.”

“And that’s what that was, is it?” James demands. “You handling it?”

“Oh sorry I wasn’t body slamming him around the office. Believe it or not, some of us are actually grown up enough to use our fucking words.”

“But you don’t!”

James properly shouts that, loud even over the roaring traffic beside them. And Regulus finds himself taken aback.

“What?” he demands.

“You don’t use your words Regulus,” James steps forward, closing the space between them and making everything go fuzzy. “Not with me,” his voice drops, “not with Sirius. And you sure as hell weren’t using them in there. You just go fucking silent on us. Sometimes even when you speak I feel like you’re trying to smother your own voice.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to say to that. It’s like he’s just found a bruise he didn’t know he had. Or maybe, more accurately, James found it. And decided to press.

“I—“

For a moment all Regulus can do is stare at James.

Stare at him and hate him.

And want him.

Why is he here? Why does he care? Why is he standing so fucking close?

James’s eyes are bright, and determined, lips slightly parted like maybe he isn’t finished stripping Regulus bare yet. 

“I did,” Regulus says finally.

James looks startled. “What?”

“I did use my words,” Regulus stares up at James defiantly, and for a second, just a second, he swears James’s eyes drop to his mouth. “I told you to stop.”

The shock on James’s face is priceless.

“I told you to stop, but it wasn’t what you wanted to hear so you just kept going.”

“I—“

“What makes you think you’re any different from Lucius?”

James’s eyes go wide and he instantly staggers back. It’s more satisfying this time than it was when Regulus used his hands.

“Neither of you gives a shit what I think, or what I want. You just need me to fill some fucking hole in your lives.”

James looks properly horrified now. “Regulus—“

“I already have a big brother James,” Regulus cuts him off. “I don’t need another one, and I sure as shit don’t need another person telling me what to do. So please. Please. Just—back off, okay?”

He doesn’t wait for James’s response.

Fuck his wallet.

 

 

Part II Remus

 

Remus hates pamphlets.

It’s a very specific hatred he’s aware.

Still.

The cover of the one currently in his hands shows a smiling middle-aged couple with some vague nature scene in the background. At the bottom of the page it reads: Learn about cochlear implants and if they may be right for you.

Things do not improve when he opens it up.

There are more smiling people on the inside, and two columns of text with an enlarged quote in the middle that reads:

     

    “I am like a different person now” - Eiko T., cochlear implant user

     

Well fuck you Eiko, he thinks bitterly. Maybe some of us don’t want to be new people, huh? Maybe some of us are perfectly happy as we are. It’s not exactly a proportionate response, he is aware of that. He’s also aware that he’s not really being fair in general. In fact, you could say he’s throwing a bit of a temper tantrum. But he can’t help it. His father brings out the worst in him.

A tap on his arm interrupts his pamphlet glaring and he looks up to find Dr. Pomfrey watching him, a mildly amused expression on her face, like she’s been able to read his thoughts.

Well? she signs.

Remus exhales, looking back down at the stupid smiling faces before putting the pamphlet on the desk in front of him.

Do you really think I need this? 

She gives him a look. You know it’s not about need. It’s about want. What do you want Remus?

He’s known Dr. Pomfrey since he was fourteen. She’s the only doctor he’s ever had who treats him like he has a brain, like he’s capable of understanding things, and making decisions. Even back when he was a teenager she never babied him. He appreciated it. Still appreciates it.

I— he starts and then stops, dropping his hands into his lap. It takes a second before he tries again. I don’t want to be different. I like how I am now. Who I am.

Okay.

He grits his teeth, forcing himself to be more honest than he would like to be. But I can’t tell if that’s just because I’m scared, or if it’s really how I feel.

She gives him a reassuring smile. It’s okay to be scared Remus.

Which is nice of her to say, but ultimately unhelpful. Because he wants to know, he wants the certainty of knowing that it isn’t fear or anger making the decision for him. 

Tell me again, he signs, what would happen.

Well, she starts, You’ll have to go to some specialists.

He makes a face that has her smiling.

Do I have to?

He hates new doctors. Hates the awkward bit at the beginning where they try to figure out how to communicate with him, hates the going over everything in his chart, in his past. Hates strangers, quite frankly. Especially strangers who ask him a bunch of invasive questions and poke at him periodically.

I am very smart, Dr. Pomfrey tells him. But I am not yet an expert in everything. So yes, you do have to. You might also have to see a psychologist.

Fuck me, and then, blushing. Sorry.

She smiles at him, she might be laughing, Remus can’t quite tell. It’s okay, I do allow swearing in my office, believe it or not. I have a theory that it’s actually quite therapeutic.

Remus smiles back, before pushing, What else?

If you go through with the surgery a small incision will be made behind your ear, they will insert the implant electrodes into the cochlea, and place the receiver just under the skin behind the ear, then sow you up. If all goes well, you’ll be discharged after a few days of observation. 

And then the therapy, Remus signs.

Dr. Pomfrey nods. And then the therapy.

Because it won’t be like natural hearing. He’ll still have to train himself to use it. Make sense of it. Remus sighs, running a hand over his face as he slumps down in his chair.

I don’t know, he finally signs.

Pomfrey gives him a soft smile before sliding the pamphlet he dropped on her desk closer to him. Think about it. There’s no time limit.

He looks at her skeptically.

He doubts his father feels that way.

 

 

The pamphlet is well hidden in his bag when he gets home. He doesn’t know why exactly he hasn’t told Sirius about this, why he hasn’t told anyone about this, but especially Sirius. He supposes he’s worried about what his reaction might be. Worried that maybe Sirius will be…too happy about it? That secretly, despite it all, his friends wish he was just a little more normal. Less work. He wouldn’t blame them. But it would hurt.

Hey, he says as he kicks the door shut behind him. Sirius is sitting on the couch in the living room watching TV. He looks up briefly and then away.

Hey.

Remus frowns. He may not be able to read tone but he can certainly read body language, and Sirius has been off all week. At first he thought it was Rosy, and then he thought it was the loss against Salazar, but now he really has no idea. He stands in front of the door for a moment, worrying his lower lip and wondering about whether or not he should say something.

Ultimately he decides to make tea instead.

He puts enough water in the kettle for two because, well, he always does. Sirius inevitably winds up wanting a cup, even if he doesn’t think so when the water starts boiling. As soon as he smells Remus’s earl grey he’s all big eyes and trembling lips and please Remus, it’s so much better when you make it.

Remus leans back against the counter, two mugs beside him, looking up at the ceiling and exhaling. Everything is okay. He is completely capable of making this life altering decision. Nothing to stress about. He almost laughs. He really should tell Sirius, it would probably help, having his opinion. Having someone else’s opinion, other than his own and his father’s.

It’s not that he wants to piss his father off on purpose, exactly. It’s just that he’s spent so much of his life trying to please him. That he can’t help but feel a little bitter about the fact that he’s still not enough. That it feels like with this surgery his father will finally have the son he’s always wanted. And some part of Remus wants nothing more than to deny him that.

When the water is finished he lets the cups steep for a few minutes. Milk and sugar in Sirius’s and nothing in his own. Once the tea bags are out he brings them into the living room.

Made you some as well.

Nothing.

Not a smile, or a thank you, not even a look. It isn’t like Remus was expecting a standing ovation or anything, but he certainly expected to be acknowledged. Instead, Sirius doesn’t react to his presence at all.

Which is about all that Remus can take.

He sits down on the coffee table directly in front of Sirius, mugs still in his hands. Which seems to finally be enough to get Sirius’s attention.

What? Sirius asks, slightly taken aback.

That's what I want to know, and when Sirius continues to look at him confused; What is going on? You’ve been weird all week.

Sirius makes a face, like he’s surprised Remus noticed, like he thinks he was being subtle. That’s almost enough to make Remus laugh. Sirius Black has never been subtle in his whole life.

Nothing. Dunno what _____ talking about.

Remus looks at him skeptically. Bullshit.

Sirius gets all shifty-eyed then, fidgeting in his seat. Which is the first time it dawns on Remus how uncomfortable he looks. Sirius opens his mouth but Remus can’t tell if he says a word or just makes a noise.

What? he asks.    

Nothing! Nothing. Sirius signs it too, which Remus thinks is unnecessarily bratty. I told you it’s nothing.

Remus rolls his eyes. C’mon Sirius, I know you. You've been stewing over something for days now and, quite frankly, I’m tired of your moping. He gives Sirius’s foot a gentle nudge.

I’m not moping, though he crosses his arms over his chest and frowns when he says it, which really isn’t helping his case as far as Remus is concerned. He simply looks back at Sirius, brow arched, hands beginning to hurt from holding their mugs.

Fine! Sirius gives in eventually, throwing his arms dramatically in the air. Again. Not one for subtlety. Fine. But I didn’t want to bring this up.

He totally did, he was just too much of a wimp to do it, but Remus feels like now is probably the wrong time to say that, since they’re finally getting somewhere. 

I just can’t believe you didn’t tell me.

Remus blinks back at him, confused for a second before realization dawns on him and his heart starts to sink. Because the only thing he hasn’t told Sirius about, is the implant. He goes to sign and nearly spills hot tea all over himself. Hands shaking as he finally places the mugs down on the coffee table beside him, accepting that they probably won’t be drunk anytime soon.

I didn’t think you would care, he manages, which isn’t exactly the truth. Or maybe it’s the truth he wanted to believe.

Sirius looks appalled by this. How could I not care?

Remus doesn’t know how to answer that question. Swallowing with some difficult before he raises his hands again. It’s not as though it would change anything.

Annoyingly, his brain chooses that moment to remind him of the pamphlet in his bag. The words: I am like a different person now, flashing at him like a neon sign.

And anyway, he presses on quickly, I haven’t made a decision yet so… he just leaves the sentence there, not knowing what else to say.

If anything, this seems to make Sirius angrier. What do you mean— he stops, frowning before he starts signing: What do you mean you haven’t made a decision yet? So you’re, what? Just going to string him a long? And anyway, you still should have said something.

Remus blinks.

What? he asks.

Which makes Sirius look equally confused. What do you mean, what?

What are you talking about?

Sirius gives him a weird look. You having a thing for my brother. What are you talking about?

Remus just stares at him, running over the words again, certain that he’s misunderstood or that Sirius has signed something wrong. Confused some word.

What? he finds himself repeating.

Sirius says something he can’t catch again before he signs: Don’t play stupid Remus.

I’m not playing, Remus almost says. A thing for your brother? he speaks the words out loud, probably too loud if the way that Sirius flinches is anything to go by, but he wants to make sure they’re both understanding the same thing. Your brother Regulus?

Sirius gives him a dry look. Unless I have some other brother I’m unaware of.

But Remus is still grappling with the meaning here. You’re talking about me having a thing for Regulus? A…romantic thing?

He can’t help but think of the other week, the way Regulus had taken a step back from him the moment he’d realized Remus was gay. His stomach churns all over again.

Sirius makes a face. Gross.

You’re the one who said it!

Only because you made me!

Why would you even think that?

Is __ true?

The question is so ridiculous that Remus can't quite seem to form a reply. This must be some shitty prank—his eyes scanning the room for James. There’s no way this is an actual conversation they're having.

Where is this coming from?

Mulciber was fucking running his mouth and he— but Sirius cuts himself off.

Remus’s eyes narrow. Nicolai Mulciber? Sirius looks away and Remus gets a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. And he what?  Sirius still isn’t looking at him, and while Remus knows, in his head, that Sirius doesn’t need to look at him to hear him, he can’t quite make himself believe it.

He reaches out and tugs on Sirius’s sleeve. Sirius? And he what? What did he say?

There’s a moment of stillness before Sirius pulls away. Nothing, forget I said anything.

He gets up then, brushing past Remus and heading towards his room. Sirius! If he thinks Remus is letting him get away with that he’s crazy. He gets up, he thinks maybe he knocks over one of the mugs in the process but he doesn’t look back. Moving quickly to catch Sirius in the hallway.

Are you honestly mad at me right now? About something Nicolai Mulciber said? Sirius—

Sirius whips around. I told you I didn’t ____ to talk about it okay? You’re ___ one who asked me  ___!

Nicolai Mulciber told you that I was into Regulus? because he’s still struggling with the details here, the pair of them facing off in the middle of the hallway, Sirius’s poster of Queen hanging up next to them. Remus remembers the day he came home with that. How excited he’d been. Remus was thinking about buying him a frame for it for Christmas.

Sirius how the hell would Mulciber even know something like— he stops, realization dawning on him. About where Nicolai Mulciber might have gotten that idea.

So it’s true then? Sirius demands, jumping to all the wrong conclusions. Remus notices, absentmindedly, that Sirius’s hands have curled into fists. Not in a scary way, more like a little kid throwing a temper tantrum because you played with his favourite toy.

You know, ____ not that you need __ permission. But you could have given me _ fucking heads-up Remus, I mean we live together for Christ’s ____. 

Which is enough to wake Remus up, anger clawing at him for the first time. Because how can Sirius believe anything Mulciber says? How can he believe anything he says about Remus? On top of that, something about this accusation, coming from Sirius of all people, feels especially cruel.

Well how about this, he might not be able to hear his words, but he can feel them, hard and sharp as they slide between his teeth. Next time I’m about to fuck Regulus I’ll give you a curtesy call, alright? 

He watches Sirius’s face darken. Don’t talk about him like that.

Screw you Sirius.

Remus walks right into his room, slamming the door behind him so hard he feels it. His hands shaking as he paces back and forth, trying to keep himself from breaking something. From screaming until he feels his vocal chords give out.

Sirius has clearly been sitting on this for days, maybe weeks, and he just…believed it? Just took Nicolai Mulciber at his word? Didn’t think to check with Remus to make sure it was true before he got himself all worked up about it? Not to mention there's clearly something he's still not telling Remus. Remus can only imagine all the vile things Nick said about him. Does Sirius believe those too? Remus's mouth goes dry at the thought, bile climbing up the back of his throat. Oh god. Oh god what the fuck.  

It takes a lot of pacing before he eventually wears himself out, finally sitting down on his bed, hands clasped between his knees, eyes on the door. 

Okay, he thinks. Come on Sirius, come apologize.

Come say you’re sorry.

Say you were being an asshole.

That you won’t do it again.

I’ll forgive you.

Of course I will.

Just say sorry.

Say sorry.

The minutes tick by and he waits. Certain any second the door will open and Sirius will come in with his eyes on the ground and his shoulders slouched in penance.

And he waits.

Any second now.

And he waits.

 

But the door doesn’t open.   

 

 

Part III James

 

James is sitting on the floor, leaning against his bed, Lily lying on top of it. They both have a variety of binders and textbooks open in front of them. Lily has pen on her nose that James has been thinking about rubbing off but hasn’t. That hesitance starting a whole spiral in his head. About when he stopped feeling like Lily was someone he could just reach out and touch.

He looks at her, at her freckles that he used to draw lines between with his fingers, used to kiss—across her cheeks, down her neck—her slightly frizzy ginger hair, piled messily on top of her head. He’s touched and tasted and held just about every part of her he reckons. Loved every part of her.

He still loves her.

In a way that is deep and grounded, in a way that has roots.

But he almost kissed Regulus Black today.

Which doesn’t make any sense, because they’d been fighting, which is what they seem to spend most of their time doing.

Which doesn’t make any sense, because Regulus is Sirius’s little brother, emphatically meaning that James cannot want to kiss him.

Which doesn’t make any sense, because Regulus isn’t Lily.

Something aches in James’s chest as he looks at her. As he looks at the pen on her nose that he doesn’t know if he’s allowed to wipe away anymore. As he slowly lets it sink in that he loves her. Loves her. Loves her. But he doesn’t want to kiss her. Not like that. Not in a way that feels unbearable. That presses up against his ribs and begs and pleads and aches. He doesn't want to kiss her like it'll kill him if he doesn't. And he's not sure when that changed.  

Lily’s eyes flick up and James should look away but he doesn’t. She smiles at him, and he can’t quite make himself smile back.

“James?” she asks. “Hey, what’s wrong?”

The fear finally hits him then. Like a wave he’s been watching move closer and closer finally crashing over his head. 

“Lily—“ her name a whisper, and instantly she’s sliding off the bed, shoving his homework out of the way so she can sit in front of him, hands reaching for his.

“What is it?”

He doesn’t want to lose her.

He doesn’t want to lose this.

But he’s worried maybe he already has, and he’s just been too afraid to admit it.

“James, babe? You’re scaring me now.”

They were supposed to get married.

“Lily, I think that—do you—are we okay?”

She blinks, staring at him in surprise, a small line forming between her eyebrows the way it always does when she’s working something out. “What do you mean? Of course we are. We’re fine,” she squeezes James’s hands.

“Are we though?” he asks in the same quiet voice, like he’s afraid of being heard. Afraid of speaking the words into existence.

The silence that follows is painful, and all James is able to do is sit there and watch her slowly realize what’s happening here.

“What do you mean James?” she asks finally, words spoken with care.

He feels his heart squeeze. “When was the last time we kissed? I mean, like properly kissed?”

“I—I don’t know.”

“Or had sex?”

He sees something like panic in her eyes. “I don’t know,” she says again. “We’ve been—we've been busy.” 

“Do you want those things?”

"James," she closes her eyes for a minute, saying his name like she's begging him not to. Begging him to let it drop. To pretend it isn't there. Like they've been doing for weeks. For months. But he's not sure he can anymore. It's too big now. It's making it hard to breathe.

"Do you want those things?" he asks again, still so very quiet. So very scared.

Another moment passes before she opens her eyes, they look wet. “Yeah,” she whispers.

James nods.

“With me?”

She just keeps looking. Just keeps looking. And it shouldn’t hurt, the silence, because it’s exactly what he expected. But it still does.

In the end he lets her off the hook. “So…are we okay?” he hates the way his voice cracks.

A second later Lily is pulling him into her, hugging him, burying her face in his neck.

“I’m sorry,” she mumbles against his skin.

James’s arms wrap around her too, something so fundamentally at ease now that she’s there, pressed against him. “Don’t be sorry.”

He hears her sniffle. “Not because it’s my fault,” she says finally, voice thick, the collar of James’s shirt getting damp. “But because I just—I’m sorry. I wanted this. I wanted this so bad.”

James squeezes her tighter, closing his eyes as he starts to feel them burn.

“Yeah,” he croaks. “Yeah I’m sorry too.”

 

 

They stay like that for a while. Alternating between crying and comforting one another. Eventually they end up cuddling in his bed, which is probably not how you’re supposed to break up, but they’ve never been very good at doing things the way they’re supposed to.

“Nothing has to change you know,” Lily says quietly, into the space between them. They’re both on their sides, facing one another. Lily’s hands tucked up under her head.

“No,” James agrees. “Nothing has to change.”

She looks at him, green eyes bright and a little red. “I know this is going to sound…I don’t know, selfish or whatever…but you won’t shut me out will you?”

“Never.”

“Even if you get another girlfriend?”

“If? Wow, you really don’t have much faith in me do you?” he says lightly, like the thought doesn’t hurt. Doesn’t make his insides twist into knots.

Lily rolls her eyes. “Alright Casanova, when you get a girlfriend then,” and he thinks he hears her voice waver on those last words. “You won’t…start treating me like a stranger will you? Cause I can handle not being your girlfriend James, but I can’t handle being nothing to you.”

And somehow they’re both crying again, and James opens his arms and Lily shuffles towards him, pressing into his chest.

“Never,” he repeats, kissing the top of her head. “You will always be someone to me Lily Evans. Always.”

She makes a choked noise, something between a laugh and a sob. “You too. I love you. A godawful amount, frankly.”

James kisses her head again. “Good.”

There’s a moment of silence, the pair still clinging to one another before Lily finally speaks:

“This is really the end, huh?”

James wills himself to hold it together this time. “Yeah,” he manages. “Yeah, I think maybe it should be.”

 

 

And then he’s alone. 

He sits on his bed and he looks out at his room and he tries to figure out what to do.

Because this thing has happened. This big thing. And yet somehow everything looks the same. He still has readings he has to do. Still has class tomorrow. Practice after that. But a few hours ago he belonged to someone. And now… he throws his glasses onto the bed beside him, scrubbing at his face.

And now he’s alone.

He knows, of course, that you don’t need to be in a relationship. But the thing is, he likes it. He’s always liked it. Always had girlfriends, even in elementary school. Likes the intimacy of it, the connection. Likes having someone to take care of.

Being Lily’s boyfriend has made him feel so good for so long. And he knows that it maybe isn’t healthy to want to be with another person the way he does. Knows that he’ll get over it eventually. And maybe find someone else. But at the moment all he feels is the loss. Is the empty space beside him in his bed. Is the silence where Lily’s laugh should be.

He should probably call Sirius.

He puts his glasses back on, pulling his backpack off the floor and rummaging through the side pockets when he feels something he’s not suspecting. A wallet.

“Oh shit.”

He pulls out the small brown leather wallet that he was supposed to give to Regulus. The one with his fucking room key in it.

“Oh shit.”

He briefly closes his eyes. Rosy should have been back ages ago so Regulus must have gotten into his room by now but it certainly isn’t helping with the whole “make Regulus stop yelling at me” objective. He looks down at the wallet again, passing it back and forth between his hands before, for some reason, opening it.

In the first card slot, the one with clear plastic over it, is Regulus’s student card. With his picture and everything. He isn’t smiling, of course. But there is just the tiniest hint of nervous joy in the corner of his mouth, curls neatly arranged around his face. James finds himself smiling down at it. Thumb swiping over the card.

It’s a sweet picture.

Without thinking about it James closes the wallet and shoves it in his back pocket before looking around for his sneakers. He’ll go give it to Regulus and he’ll apologize for today and maybe, hopefully, get them back on good terms.

Because he wants them to be friends.

He wants—

Well, he wants them to be friends.

It’s not a far walk down to the other end of the hall. He passes by the common room, someone’s watching a movie, a few other people sitting on the disgusting couches and chairs, laughing and talking. James remembers the time in first year when Sirius hid a cheese sandwich in the couch cushions. Called it a social experiment, wanted to see how long it would take anyone to notice.

James is pretty sure it’s still there.

When he opens the door to the other side of the hallway he finds himself stuttering to a stop. Down at the end, in front of their door, he sees Reg and Rosy, talking. Rosy has his gym bag thrown over his shoulder and it looks, horrifically, like he may have just gotten home. Meaning that Regulus has been stuck outside his room this whole time.

“Fuck,” James hisses under his breath, taking another step forward, ready to call out to them when—

Regulus moves suddenly. He goes up on his toes, grabbing Rosy by the back of the neck and pulling him down into a kiss. Like a real kiss. Not for a laugh. Not fucking around. A proper kiss.

For a moment James’s entire brain short circuits.

Thoughts blank as he watches.

As he watches and he accepts, properly, for the first time.

That he doesn’t want to be Regulus’s friend.

That seems to be enough to wake him up. He turns around quickly, barreling back through the door, whole body feeling kind of numb, unable to process a single feeling or thought as he basically runs away.

He doesn’t realize, until he’s standing in his own room again having a proper panic, that he still has Regulus’s wallet clutched in his hand. 
Notes:

    Listen,

    y'all said you wanted jealous Jegulus ...

    But things are happening.

    Feelings are springing

    Miscommunication is in the air!

    And he still has his wallet!!!

    I'm excited :)

    Thank you, as always, for reading! It is much appreciated! I hope you liked it, I am kinda exhausted so I'm a lil worried it's worse than normal but I hope not!

Chapter 8
Summary:

    Dude.

Notes:

    tw vomit

    **French translations in the endnotes

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Evan

 

B

I miss you

I miss you so much

fuck I’m drunk

 

Evan stares at his phone as he makes his way slowly out of the arena. He had to spend some extra time with the trainers after practice because he told coach his hips are feeling tight. That that’s why he’s been playing so shit recently. It’s not a complete lie.

 

B

I miss you

I miss you so much

fuck I’m drunk

 

He hates that he’s back here. He’d been doing so well, pretending like he could move on. Like he could let this go. But seeing Barty again…holding him. Kissing him. It's torn something open in Evan. Something he can’t seem to close. Nostalgia ringing in his ears.

He pushes through the front doors and out into the parking lot. He should put the phone away now, forget about this, get on with his life. Because nothing has changed. Because Barty is never going to change. But instead of doing that, he finds his thumb hovering over the call button.

Teasing it.

Just a little more pressure.

That’s all it would take.

He wonders if Barty would pick up?

“Finally.”

Evan starts, dropping his phone and then scrambling to catch it before it smashes on the asphalt. “Shit,” he curses, looking up to find Regulus staring back at him. He’s still in his work clothes, bag slung over his shoulder, hair a little messy.

“What’re you—are you waiting for me?” Evan asks, looking over his shoulder like he’s expecting someone else to walk out behind him.

“Yes.”

“Er—“ he turns back to Regulus. “Why?”

“I don’t have a key.”

There's a beat of silence during which Evan waits for him to extrapolate, but in true Regulus form, he offers him nothing but a blank stare.

“I gave it to James?” Evan tries finally. 

“I’m aware,” Regulus says, arms crossed over his chest.

“So…did he not make it in time or…?”

“Oh he made it alright.”

Okay.

Something is clearly going on here, though fuck if Evan knows what it is.

He gives Regulus another once over—taking in the slouch of his shoulders, the heaviness of the bags under his eyes. He looks fucking exhausted. And then Evan’s gaze drops back down to the phone clutched in his hand.

 

B

I miss you

I miss you so much

fuck I’m drunk

 

“Hey,” he locks his screen, sliding the phone into his back pocket. “You wanna get a drink?”

Regulus looks startled. “What?”

“Y’know, drinks? Beer? Alcohol?”

Regulus glares at him. “I know what you meant.”

“You said what.”

“I—“ Regulus sighs, bringing his fingers up and pinching the bridge of his nose. He looks like a grumpy old man and Evan has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.

“C’mon Regulus,” he pushes. “Come get a drink with me.”

“They won’t serve me, you know.”

Evan grins. “They will if you’re with me.”

That earns him an unimpressed look. “It’s honestly ridiculous how big you are, I hope you know that.”

“Is that a yes?”

Regulus lets out a long suffering sigh, looking up at the sky like he's waiting for someone to smite him. And when that doesn't happen: “Fuck it. Yes.”

Evan fist pumps the air. “Heck yeah, that’s what I’m talking about.” Regulus looks heavenward one more time before apparently accepting his fate and heading towards the road, Evan jogging to catch up.

“I’m already regretting this,” Regulus mutters.

“Pretty sure you say that every time we hang out.”

Regulus doesn’t argue.

 

 

The Leaky is everything you would expect from a college pub - dark, rundown, with cheap beer and half-way decent music. Evan gets stopped about a dozen times on his way to and from the bar. By teammates, or people he knows from class. He smiles at all of them, makes small talk. He’s always found people easy. Most of the time they just want someone to look at them. Listen. Be nice. Evan can do that. He likes doing that. Regulus, however, does not.

Sitting alone at a booth in the corner Evan can see the dark haired boy start to fidget. Uncomfortable with the crowds, with the noise. He looks like he’s going to bolt.

“Hey—uh—I’ll talk to you guys later yeah?” Evan extracts himself from the most recent group he’d managed to get sucked into, making a concerted effort not to catch anyone else's eye on his way back to the table. 

“Sorry,” he says, when he sits down across from Regulus, pushing one of the beers he’d been carrying towards him, “lots of people here tonight.”

Regulus looks very seriously at his drink for a moment before he says: “I don’t mind, if you want to hang out with them. Just give me the key and I’ll go back to the room.”

Evan blinks. “What? No—hey, I want to hang out with you, dude.”

Regulus scoffs. “Dude.” 

Evan ignores him. “You have to tell me what happened with James, anyway.”

“Not sure I’m drunk enough for that yet,” Regulus grimaces.

“Well then,” Evan lifts his glass and gestures for Regulus to do the same. Surprisingly, after a moment of hesitation, he does. “To shitty fucking Tuesdays.”

“It’s Wednesday.”

“Whatever.”

Regulus snorts as Evan taps their glasses together, chugging nearly half of his in the first gulp. When he places his beer back down on the table Regulus is looking at him incredulously.

“Maybe we should talk about your day.”

“Nope,” Evan shakes his head. “You first,” he nudges Regulus’s foot before leaning forward across the table. “So what happened?”

Regulus tugs on his sleeves, not really looking at Evan. “I don’t know where to start.”

So Evan decides to help. “He showed up?”

Regulus laughs dryly. “Yeah.”

“But he didn’t give you your wallet?”

“No.”

“Why?”

“Well,” Regulus’s fingers wrap tightly around his glass. “I suppose because he was too busy beating up my boss.”

Evan just stares at him for a second. “He—what?”

A cold smile curls the corner of Regulus’s mouth. “Yup. Slammed him right on my desk. Made a real mess of it,” Regulus lifts his glass up and takes his own, long drink.

Evan is still struggling to process this new information. “You’re serious?”

“Unfortunately,” Regulus says, frowning at his beer as he places it back down. “This is awful.”

“It’s cheap is what it is—and, I’m sorry, I’m going to need some more details here,” because he’s barely ever seen James raise his voice with anyone, at least not off the ice, let alone fight them. “Why the hell would he do that?”

Regulus throws his arms up in the air. “Cause he’s a fucking crazy person? Because he has a fucking hero complex? Because he’s a colossal fucking dick who has absolutely no regard for the feelings of others? I dunno Evan, take your pick.” Regulus collapses back in his seat, glaring at the table for a few seconds before taking another sip of his beer.

“Wait, wait, wait,” Evan says, still struggling to keep up. “Hero complex? What did he think he was saving you from?”

Regulus continues to glare. “Nothing. It was—he overacted. I was fine.”

Not one word of that rings true. Evan watches his friend for a moment, in his rumpled dress shirt, hair messier than normal—like he’s been running his hands nervously through it. Evan thinks, beneath the music and general noise of the room, that he can hear Regulus’ s foot nervously tapping under the table.

“Reg,” he pushes gently.

Regulus’s mouth twists down, eyes darting to Evan and then away. “It’s nothing. Honestly.”

“Okay. Tell me anyway.”

He sighs. “My boss he’s…been a little…all over me the past few weeks.”

Evan squints. “Like, giving you shit you mean?” he could see James getting upset if he walked in on Regulus getting yelled at by some asshole in a suit. But fighting him still feels a little extreme.

“No, not—“ Regulus grimaces. “He—texts me a lot.”

“He…texts you?” Evan repeats, still not really understanding.

“And James has noticed because he’s fucking nosy and then when he came today he—my boss was…touching me.” Regulus cringes as the words leave his mouth.

Evan blinks. Everything slowly slotting into place. And then:

“HE WAS WHAT.”

“Jesus Christ, would you keep your voice down? Evan what are you doing!” Regulus reaches across the table, grabbing Evan’s arm and yanking him back into his seat.

“He’s fucking dead.”

“It’s not a big deal.”

Evan’s eyes go wide. “The fuck it isn’t!”

“It was just my shoulders, it was just—it’s nothing. I can handle it. I don’t need a bunch of asshole hockey players to defend my honour—fuck.” He runs a hand over his face, still holding Evan’s arm, like he’s worried if he lets go Evan will take off. In fairness, there’s at least a fifty-percent chance that’s true.

“You have to tell someone Regulus,” Evan says finally.

Regulus glares. “Oh that’s rich, coming from you.”

“What?” Evan sits back like he’s just been slapped. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

There’s a new coldness in Regulus’s eyes. “What happened at the Rookie Party?”

Something unpleasant starts clawing at Evan’s stomach. “I had too much to drink.”

“Bullshit.”

“That’s what happened,” he’s not sure he quite manages to say it with the conviction he needs.

“You almost died.”

“You’re being dramatic.”

Regulus lets out an incredulous laugh. “I was there in the hospital, I saw you. I heard what the nurse said. You didn’t do that to yourself.”

“You don’t know that,” he does his best not to think about what happened. Not to look at it too closely. He likes his version of things. The one where he just wasn’t paying attention, just drank too much, the one where he was in control. He’d rather take the blame, it’s easier that way.      

“Yes, I do.”

“How?” Evan says, defensively. “You weren’t even there.” 

“Because,” grey eyes sharp. “I know you.”

Evan can’t hold his stare anymore, looking away across the bar, trying to focus on the crowds of people. Smiling. Dancing.

“You should have told the cops. You should have at least told your coach.”

Evan shakes his head slowly, still looking away. “There wasn’t anything to tell.”

Regulus makes an unimpressed noise, and Evan listens to the sound of his glass scraping against the table. “Right, well, there’s nothing for me to tell either so, I guess we can just let this all go.”

Finally Evan looks back, watching as Regulus drains his drink dry. Placing his glass on the table with an aggressive clunk that makes Evan flinch. “I need another beer.”

Evan gets up without protest.

He reckons he could use something a lot stronger than a beer.

 

 

Part II Cerci

Cerci is on a date.

Which is fine.

She doesn’t mind dating. But she’d rather skip the awkward bit at the beginning, where everyone is keeping in what they want to let out, and get right to the part where they know each other so well they communicate with inside jokes and secret looks. 

“This is really good,” the girl across from her, Ashley, says.

Cerci smiles politely. It’s not exactly a riveting topic of conversation, but she supposes they have to start somewhere. 

“Have you been here before?” she asks, dipping her sushi roll in what some might consider an excessive amount of soy sauce. And by “some” she means Regulus.

Ashley swallows before answering. “No, I haven’t really been that far off campus to be honest. It’s a bit of a vortex, you kinda get sucked in, everything all in one place.”

“Vortex is too cool,” Cerci says. “It’s more like a small town with lots of nosy neighbours way too interested in what everyone else is doing.” That makes Ashley laugh. It’s a nice sound, her round cheeks flushing a little. “It helps that I’m not living there. Means I get to escape.”

“Yeah, I can see that,” Ashley smiles. “Isn’t it a little lonely though?”

“Not really,” and then. “Plus, I have a roommate.”

“Ah, that makes sense, I was wondering how you got a place by yourself.”

“Yeah, no, definitely needed a roommate,” Cerci pokes at a piece of wasabi. “They’re cool though.”

Ashley arches her brow. “Is there more than one?”

“Nope, Xeno’s non-binary. So just one they,” she smiles.

Ashley’s blush gets a little deeper. “Oh. Cool.”

“Yup,” unfortunately after that it turns out neither of them have anything else to say, so for one horribly awkward moment they both just stare at each other, before quickly going back to their food. Cerci holds in a sigh as she wracks her brain for something else to talk about, all the while reminding herself that she doesn’t mind dating.

She doesn’t.

 

 

Twenty minutes of smalltalk later the pair of them find themselves standing on the sidewalk outside of the restaurant. The sun has set, the sky a dark blue and the night a little cold. Cerci shoves her hands into the pockets of her purple corduroy jacket, turning to Ashley.

“So…”

“So,” Ashley agrees. “Do you—uh—do you want to come back to my place?” she gives Cerci a little smile, one that’s kind of shy. It’s sweet. Cerci likes it. It almost makes up for how stiff and awkward dinner was.

“Sure, that sounds nice, but um, I should tell you first,” Cerci feels like she’s gotten pretty good at this spiel, but it’s always a little awkward getting into it. Ashley watches her warily. “I’m ace.”

Ashley’s wariness does not go away. “Ace?” she repeats. And then, eyes wide; “Oh! You mean like…like, you know.”

Cerci tries not to laugh. “I do know, yeah.”

“Right,” Ashley’s face is red again. She’s a big blusher it turns out. “So you don’t like…you don’t really…have sex?”

“Not usually no. It’s not generally something I’m interested in,” she tries to say that lightly, like it’s no big deal. It isn’t. Really it isn’t. But for some reason people always get this look on their face when she says it, like someone’s just died. It’s the look Ashley is giving her now.

Oh dear.

“See listen, the thing is…that’s kind of…pretty important to me,” more to the sidewalk than to Cerci.

Cerci does her best not to let her smile crack. “Okay yeah, I get that.” Well, she doesn’t, but she does. Ugh whatever.

“You know?”

“Totally.”

“Right.” This awkward silence is way worse than all of the ones before. “I still had a really nice time.”

“Me too,” that isn’t a hundred percent true, but Cerci isn’t about to say that. Regulus definitely would have, and that almost makes her laugh.

“Right,” Ashley repeats. “So…friends…I guess?”

Cerci is still smiling despite how much she does not want to be. “Yup, totally. I love friends.”

Ashley laughs awkwardly. “Me too.”

Five minutes later, Cerci is walking home alone feeling…okay. Maybe a little disappointed but, well, she can’t exactly pretend like they were a good match. We could have been, whispers the entirely unhelpful voice in her head, with a little more time. She ignores it. Maybe she should start telling people she’s ace before the date? Save her all the awkward smalltalk. And rejections. She sighs, pulling out her phone and opening Regulus’s contact.

 

Cerci

hey

hey

hey

what are you doing right now?   

 

She stares at the screen for a few seconds before huffing and shoving it back in her pocket. She knows hoping Regulus will answer his phone is a bit of a fool’s errand. She considers just going to his room but decides against it. Knowing him there’s a solid chance he’s either at work or the library. Accepting her fate, she walks the rest of the way home, head down against the cold autumn wind.

 

 

“Bonjourno doll-face, you’re back early,” Xeno is leaning against the doorway to the kitchen, an apron with the outline of a woman’s body in a bikini brazenly covering their torso. “Bad date?”

Cerci drops her jacket on the couch before kicking off her shoes. “It was fine,” her nose twitches. “What’re you making?”

They grin broadly at her as she walks towards the kitchen. “Tomato and pistachio muffins. I was thinking of topping them off with some icing, but I haven’t gotten that far yet.”

“Jesus, why?” Cerci asks, as she stares in horror at the batch of slightly misshapen, grey-green muffins cooling on the kitchen table.

“Why the icing?” Xeno shrugs. “Dunno, feels like they need some pizzaz don’t you think?”

They need something alright. “But tomato and pistachio? Of all the combinations in the world that’s what you decided to go with?”

“Seemed festive.”

Cerci arches her brow. “Festive?”

“Red and green?” they say, like she’s the ridiculous one. Which, yes alright, she is usually, but Cerci can’t hold a candle to Xeno. “You know, Christmas?”

She tries not to laugh. “It’s barely October.”

“I don’t understand why that’s relevant.”

“You’re a weirdo,” it comes out fond. 

Xeno grins. “Thank you.”

She tilts her head, wondering how her roommate managed to both under and overcook the muffins at the same time. 

“So?” they nudge her with their elbow. “You gonna try one or what?”

Cerci looks at them incredulously and then back down at the alien baked goods in front of her. “Um, no?”

“Wow, not very nice of you. I worked hard on these.”

“And I’m sure you’ll enjoy eating them yourself,” she is not actually sure of this at all, but she doesn’t think it’ll help her case to point that out.

Xeno pouts. “You’re supposed to support me.”

“Says who?”

“The roommate gods!” they gesture to the ceiling with their spatula.

Cerci snorts. “The roommate gods?”

“Yes.”

“I’m an atheist.” 

Xeno rolls their eyes. “Eat one of my muffins!”

“No.”

“Please?”

“No!”

“Pwetty, pwetty, pwetty pwease, with a cherry on top?”

The pair stare at one another for a long second. A showdown. A battle of wits. Eventually Cerci sighs.

“Fine.”

“Yay!” Xeno goes to clap their hands, seemingly forgetting about the spatula and nearly hitting themselves in the face.

The muffins do not look anymore appealing up close, and Cerci can’t stop herself from making a face. “If I get sick from this I’m gonna make your life miserable, I hope you know that.”

Xeno grins at her. “Noted.”

Cerci turns the muffin around in her hand, tentatively peeling the paper wrapper back and taking a bite. She chews it for a few seconds before; “Surprisingly,” swallowing with some difficulty, “these aren’t actually half-bad.”

“Knew it!”

“Knew it?" she repeats. "Wait, I'm sorry, are you telling me you haven’t had one yet?” waving around the crumbling green monstrosity in her hand for emphasis.

“Well I was busy making them,” Xeno says, gesturing with the spatula.

“Do I look like a guinea pig to you?”

“Uh—is that a rhetorical question?”

Shaking her head, Cerci inexplicably takes another bite, the strange combination of flavours crowding her mouth. “You’re lucky I like you.”

“Oh I know,” elbowing her playfully. “Wanna help me make the icing?”

“That is definitely not going to make these better.”

“I beg to differ.”

Cerci stares at them for a minute, considering. “Can we add sprinkles?”

Xeno grins. “Absolutely we can.”

 

 

Part III Evan 

They sit in moody silence, both sipping at their drinks and avoiding eye contact. Both a little pissed. Quite frankly it’s miserable, and Evan is just working up the courage to ask Regulus if he wants to head back to their room, when the other boy speaks up:

“So…why did your day suck?”

Evan blinks, surprised, and then: “Who says my day sucked?”

Regulus gives Evan’s second beer a pointed look.

“Ah, right.”

“So?”

He sighs, running a hand through his hair and sitting back, his feet nudging Regulus’s under the table—a hazard of being tall. He considers lying, he would usually, but for the first time he realizes that he doesn’t have to. Because for the first time someone else knows.

“It’s Barty.”

Regulus’s eyes widen a bit. “Barty Crouch?”

“Surprisingly, I only know the one.”

Regulus’s cheeks flush and he ducks his head. “Sorry, still not used to him being…like…a real person.”

It’s a bit incredible, the reputation Barty’s been able to make for himself before even playing his first NHL game. Some people might feel jealous, but Evan doesn’t. Even after everything, all he ever feels is proud.

“Well, he is.”

“Right,” and then, after a moment of awkwardly fiddling with the coaster in front of him, “And that…sucks?”

That statement probably shouldn’t sting as much as it does. “Sometimes,” Evan manages, voice rough. He takes a sip of his beer to distract himself from the feelings currently scratching at his chest.

After a moment Regulus leans forward. “Tell me.”

And just like that, the anger and resentment from earlier fade away, and all that’s left is his friend. The one who comes to his hockey games even though it’s clear that it costs him something—to sit in those stands. To watch. Regulus tries to hide it, and Evan does him the courtesy of pretending he doesn’t see. But he knows what it feels like to love this stupid game so bad you can’t breathe. He can’t imagine having it taken away. Yet Regulus still comes. Because Evan told him he was homesick. And lonely. And scared. Because he needed someone, and Regulus Black said okay.

Okay you can have me.

If you want.

Which Evan does. Of course he does. 

“I want to call him,” Evan finally gets out. It sounds embarrassing. It is embarrassing.

Regulus’s face scrunches in confusion. “Why don’t you?”

“It’s complicated."

The scrunching continues. “Are you two not…together?”

Evan takes another long pull from his beer. He’ll need a third one the way this conversation is going. “No. Not—no.”

“Huh,” Regulus looks thoughtful. “You seemed pretty…together.”

Evan grimaces. “Yeah well…”

What…was this?

Nostalgia.    

“We—uh—were before. And then…”  he’s not sure why he can’t finish his sentences. Despite the beer his mouth feels dry. His throat tight.

“And then you came here?” Regulus asks. It’s strange, hearing it put so simply. But he supposes it’s as good an answer as any. 

“Something like that.”

Regulus considers him for a moment, passing his glass back and forth between his hands. “But you want to call him?”

“Yeah,” Evan croaks.

Desperately.

Pathetically.

He didn’t know you could miss someone like this. But then, he’s never walked away from anyone before.

“So do it.”

Evan lets out a bark of laughter. “That’s exactly what you’re supposed to tell me not to do.”

Regulus’s forehead wrinkles. “Why?”

“Because, that’s like, the best friend’s number one job—don’t let your boy call his ex.”

Regulus’s eyes go wide, and at first Evan thinks it’s because he referred to Barty as his ex, but then: “I’m your best friend?”

Something about the way he says it makes Evan want to reach out and pinch his cheeks. Though he has a pretty good idea of how badly that would go for him. “Yeah dude, obviously.”

“Dude.” Regulus repeats, in that derisive way he does, making Evan smile. Regulus gets very serious then. “You can’t be my best friend, Cerci would kill me.”

Evan bites down on a smile. “That’s fair.”

“I’ll talk to her about making the position a partnership.”

From anyone else that would be banter, but Regulus is looking at Evan quite sincerely. “I don’t mind sharing you.”

“Good.”

Evan lifts up his glass. “To being your co-best friend,” that makes Regulus’s mouth twitch into something you might mistake for a smile.

“This is a stupid toast.”

“Humour me.”

Rolling his eyes Regulus lifts his glass and they knock them together before each taking a sip. When the beers hit the table again Regulus looks serious.

“I’m sorry I’m not very good at this.”

Evan arches his brow. “Good at what?”

Regulus waves his hand between them. “Relationship advice,” he makes a face. “I didn’t know I was supposed to tell you not to call Barty.”

“That’s okay," Evan's chest feels warm. Like it's glowing. "I don’t mind filling you in.”

But Regulus still looks uncomfortable. “I don’t have much experience with…this.”

“Friendship?”

Regulus looks offended for about half a heartbeat before he shrugs: “Well, I mean, kinda. But more…relationships. I’ve never really…done that.”

“You mean you’ve never dated anyone?” Evan asks, intrigued. He’d guessed as much, but knowing feels different. 

Regulus grimaces. “I’ve never anything with anyone.”

“You’ve…like nothing?”

“Ugh, this is so embarrassing,” Regulus drops his face into his arms, nearly slamming his forehead on the table.

“Hey, no! It is not,” Evan pokes Regulus who just grumbles. “I promise it’s not embarrassing. It just means we have to raise our standards a little bit, make sure your first kiss is a good one,” the noise Regulus makes tells Evan that he would rather talk about anything else, but Evan chooses to ignore him. “Got anyone in mind?”

He isn’t really expecting Regulus to answer. But then:   

“You know who,” his voice quiet. Like it's hoping it won't be heard.  

“I know—“ It takes Evan a second, longer than it should honestly, but he does get there. “No shit, James? I was right about that?”

“Like I said,” voice muffled, “embarrassing.”

“Pfft, having a thing for James Potter isn’t embarrassing. Honestly I feel like it’s basically required. Captain’s hot as shit.”

That makes Regulus laugh, lifting his head up so that his chin rests on his forearms. He looks small. Sweet. Though he’d bite Evan’s head off for thinking so.

“It’s still weird, to hear you talk like that,” Regulus says, before immediately looking embarrassed.

“Why?”

Regulus starts fidgeting again, not quite making eye contact. “Because you’re, you know, you.”

“Me?”

Regulus lets out a huff. “Yeah, you. Big blond jock. You’re like if apple pie was a person. You look like you know how to shoot a gun.”

“I mean,” Evan says fairly. “I do know how to shoot a gun.”

“See!”

“I grew up on a farm!”

“Exactly my point! You’re supposed to be all..." but words appear to be alluding Regulus and he just kind of gestures at Evan instead. "You know?”

“Not really.”

Regulus lets out an exasperated huff, picking up his beer and speaking into it: “Never mind.”

Evan considers his words for a moment before leaning forward. “Regulus?”

The other boy eyes him warily. “Yes?”

“You know I’ve fully had a dick in my mouth right?”

That startles a squawk out of Regulus who spits beer across the table. Evan tries not to laugh, he really does, but he can’t help it.

“Your face!” he cackles.

“Well!” Regulus’s eyes look a little wild. “You can’t just go around saying things like that! Jesus Evan, give a guy a heart attack why don’t you.”

Evan is still laughing, it feels good, loud and full. The kind of laughter that hurts your stomach a bit. And eventually, Regulus starts laughing too.

“I'm just saying," Regulus tries to explain as they start to settle down. "That nobody looks at you and thinks different. And that's like..my dream, you know?" he snorts. "That's my mom's dream," almost under his breath. "If I could act normal I would, that's all. If I was you I would."

Regulus doesn't talk much, but when he does, when the floodgates open, Evan always finds himself wondering how this kid manages to walk around every day with all of this shit inside of him. 

"You think you're not normal?"  

The other boy huffs. “Besides being..." gay, he doesn't say, but Evan hears it anyway. "I’m too—I think too much, and about the wrong things, in the wrong ways. And I always say things I shouldn't because I don't realize that I shouldn't until it's too late. And I’m afraid of…like…everyone.”

“You didn’t seem afraid of Mulciber when you fucked-up his face.”

That earns Evan a smile. “Ah well, that’s different.”

“Is it?”

He watches Regulus chew on the inside of his cheek, clearly looking for the words. “It’s more…connecting with people, that I'm afraid of," he makes a face. "I'm bad at it. I always get it wrong. Everyone else...it's so easy for them, you know? And me? I just...I can't. I want to, but I can't. And even when I start to...I'm always scared that I'll do something wrong and then I'll be alone again.”

Evan tries not to let it show how much that makes him ache. 

“We’re close,” he says finally, dropping his voice to match Regulus’s.

“Yeah, I know,” he gives Evan an honest look. “It’s fucking terrifying.”

Evan feels something itch in his chest. And he wonders what’s happened to make Regulus so afraid of people. So certain they’re going to leave him.

“Don’t be scared,” Evan says finally, and probably a bit inadequately.

He expects a snappy comeback, or one of those dry smiles, the ones that mean Regulus thinks he’s being an idiot. Big dumb jock. But he doesn’t get any of that. Regulus’s expression remaining sincere.

“I’m trying.”

And oh.

Oh boy that feels big.

Evan wants to stop this moment, wants to freeze it and put it in a frame, show it to Regulus whenever he starts to pull himself apart. So he can say look, look at you. Look at you trying.

He opens his mouth but Regulus beats him to it:

“Don’t call Barty.”

There’s a beat of silence before Evan starts to laugh, leaning back in his seat. “Well look at that,” he teases, earning him an eye roll. “I’ll make a best friend out of you yet.”

 

 

They’re a little tipsy by the time they get back to the dorms. Nothing crazy but, Evan definitely has those warm tingly feelings humming under his skin, and Regulus’s ears are a bright red, his smiles coming easier, a little less cautiously.

Regulus groans as they get to the top of the stairs. “I can’t believe I’m drunk on a Wednesday.”

“You’re barely drunk. Plus, it’s college, pretty sure this is exactly what we’re supposed to be doing.”

Regulus gives him an exasperated look. “I promise you it isn't," and then; "I’m gonna hate myself tomorrow.”

“Nah, you’ll be fine,” Evan claps him on the back as they make their way down the hall, he hands Regulus the keycard. “Just drink a bunch of water.”

Regulus struggles with the door, which is honestly pretty funny. After a minute he groans, dropping his forehead against it.

“What if I never manage it?”

“I think between the pair of us we can get the door open,” Evan laughs.

“No, I mean,” he turns his head towards Evan, still leaning against the door. “Like….what if the mission fails…” his eyes dart around the empty hall, his voice quiet the next time he speaks. “What if I never kiss a boy?”

“There’s like a zero percent chance of that happening,” Evan says confidently. “I promise. I am an excellent wingman.”

He expects an eye roll or a scoff, but he doesn't get either. Instead, Regulus closes his eyes and exhales like he suddenly feels the weight of everything all at once. Like it’s crushing him. Evan feels stress, feels pressure, but not like this. Not like Regulus, who seems to expect more from himself than everyone else. 

“Regulus,” Evan says finally, softer this time. “Would you look at me?”

It takes a second, but eventually he does.

“You’re going to kiss a boy, okay?” It seems like such a little thing. Such a silly thing. But Evan understands that it isn't. Understands why it matters so much to Regulus, who can barely even admit that this is something he wants. 

"Okay," Regulus sniffles a little. "This is getting too mushy." 

"Nothing wrong with that."

Now he gets the eye roll. “You’re dumb.”

“I’m not dumb, you’re dumb.”

“Real mature.”

“You’re the one who started with the name calling.”

“Yeah well…” apparently that is the entirety of Regulus’s counter argument.They really are probably too drunk to be having this conversation.

After a few more seconds of watching Regulus look sad, like some kind of depressed raccoon, Evan sighs.

“Okay, c’mon,” he nudges Regulus so that he stands up straight. “There’s an easy solution to this.”

Regulus arches his brow. “Is there?” he doesn’t sound like he trusts Evan at all.

“Uh-huh,” he grins at him. “Kiss me.”

Regulus’s eyes go wide and he chokes, on what, Evan can only assume, is air.

“You okay?”

Regulus glares at him. “We talked about you just saying stuff like that!” he waves his hand emphatically.

“Like what? I didn’t even mention dicks that time.”

Regulus groans, banging his head against the door again. “I can’t believe this is my life.”

“You’re blessed. Now lets go sunshine, pucker-up, I haven’t got all night.”

Regulus gives him a wary look. “You’re not serious?”

“Why wouldn’t I be?”

“Evan, I can’t kiss you!” he hisses. 

“You absolutely can.”

Regulus just keeps looking at him, and Evan is certain that he has never properly understood the phrase “deer in the headlights” before this moment. 

“Okay, alright,” he holds his hands up in surrender. “Never mind, if you don’t want to—“

“No, I—“

Evan arches his brow and Regulus lets out a frustrated breath.

“It’s…okay. I—yeah okay. I—can I?”

Evan smiles. “I offered man.”

“Right,” and then, more to himself; “Right.” But nothing really happens, they mostly just go back to standing, staring at one another. Evan resists the urge to tease Regulus. He doesn’t think it would help right now.

“How do I—“

“Your mouth on my mouth. I promise it’s not much more complicated than that.”

Regulus does not look at all reassured by this. “What am I supposed to do with my hands?” his voice is strained.

“Your hands? What, you looking to feel me up?”

Regulus’s eyes, somehow, manage to get wider. “What!” he squeaks. “No! No—I just—“ he holds them out, palms up. “I just don’t know where they’re supposed to go.”

God this kid.

He’s gonna kill Evan, he really is.

“Well, it kinda depends on the mood. But since I’m a good country boy, lets keep them above the waist yeah?”

Regulus looks like he’s going to be sick.

“Hey,” Evan shoves his shoulder. “Cut that out.”

Regulus slaps his hand away. “Cut what out! I’m not doing anything.”

“You’re panicking.”

“Obviously I’m panicking, this is a ridiculous idea!”

“It’s just a kiss Regulus.”

“Oh well then.”

“We don’t have to do it.”

“No,” he says stubbornly. “I want to.”

“Alright then.”

“Yeah.”

“Okay.”

“Great.”

“Any day now.”

Regulus scowls at him. “You this impatient with all your—“ but Regulus abruptly cuts himself off and Evan can’t help but grin.

“All my what?”

“Ugh. You’re dumb.”

He laughs. “Ok Reg.”

And then they’re back to staring. But this time Evan makes himself wait, makes himself be patient. Slowly, Regulus inches closer, eyes constantly dipping down to Evan’s lips. It’s hard not to squirm. Like real hard. Hard not to just grab Regulus and pull him in, get it over with. But Evan knows that that won’t work. It has to be Regulus who makes the first move.

They’re toe to toe now, and Evan leans down just a bit, Regulus rising up on the balls of his feet.

One second he feels Regulus’s breath on his lips.

And the next—

It’s a sweet little thing. Maybe the sweetest kiss Evan has ever been given. A chaste press of warm lips. No hands. No tongue. There and then gone. Regulus jumping back like he’s just been shocked, two patches of colour warming the tops of his cheeks.

Evan tells himself to behave.

Tells himself not to tease.

But he just—he can’t help it.

Eyebrow raised; “That how you wanna kiss James Potter?”

There’s a flash of something in Regulus’s eyes. Evan knows that look. Sees it out on the ice all the time. The next second Regulus’s hand is grabbing at the back of Evan’s neck and tugging him down.

Now this.

This is a kiss.

A bit inelegant. A bit clunky.

But yeah.

The kid will be just fine.

Evan can’t help but smile, causing Regulus to pull back, eyes narrowed. “You’re laughing at me?”

“I'm not!”

“Are too!” Regulus says, poking Evan’s cheek before he steps completely out of his space.

“I’m not laughing at you,” Evan tries to sound as serious as he possibly can in this situation. “I’m just proud that’s all.”

“Ew,” Regulus says, and then, a little more nervously. “It was…okay?”

“Better than okay.”

“Yeah?”

“Hell yeah dude,” he punches Regulus’s arm causing the other boy to roll his eyes, though he’s not quite able to hide his smile as he finally manages to get the door open.

“Dumb,” Regulus mutters under his breath, walking inside. Evan smiles as he follows after.

His bed is a sight for sore eyes and Evan collapses onto it immediately, groaning into his blankets. He hears Regulus laugh at him in the background. After a few seconds he flips onto his back, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his phone. The second he unlocks it the messages he’d been looking at earlier glow in front of him.

I miss you.

I miss you.

I miss you.

Evan's thumb swipes over the small icon with Barty’s face. It’s a picture he took one day after practice, Barty’s hair still wet, cheeks flushed, trying to bat the phone out of Evan’s hand. An overwhelming feeling of want rushes through him and he has to close his eyes for a second.

I miss you.

I miss you.

I miss you.

He’s been so good. So good at not doing this. Fuck Barty for texting him. For kissing him. For leaving like that.

What…was this?

Nostalgia.

“Evan?”

Something pricks behind his eyes.

“Evan?”

He opens them, blinking up at the ceiling before turning his head towards Regulus, hoping he’s able to keep his expression neutral.

“What’s up?”

Regulus looks at him curiously. “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, totally.”

Regulus’s eyes flick to the door and then back again. “Is it—you’re not—“ he huffs. “Are you freaking out?”

Evan blinks, sorting through all the broken sentences. “Oh—no, dude, no way,” he sits up. “Regulus, we’re cool okay?”

He sees Regulus’s shoulders relax a little. “You promise?”

“Yes,” Evan says, as confidently as possible. Shit, he really didn’t mean to freak him out. “Very cool. I think it’s just the beer or something. Not sitting right,” he gives Regulus what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “I’m just—uh—I think I’m gonna take a shower, see if that helps.”

“Er—okay,” Regulus says, as Evan gets to his feet, grabbing the towel that’s always hanging off his closet door. “You sure you’re alright?”

“Absolutely!” Evan’s voice is a bit too tight, a bit too cheery, but he’s not sure how to fix that. “I just got to make-out with Regulus Black, my life is awesome,” Regulus rolls his eyes but he does look slightly less concerned. “Oh man,” he says, stopping at the door. “I just realized I’m literally the only person in the world who can say that,” he grins. “I feel so honoured.”

He ducks out of the way as Regulus throws a shoe at him, laughing as he closes the door.

“Dick!” he hears Regulus shout after him.

He should go take a shower.

Should clear his head.

Should, should, should.

But he doesn’t. Of course he doesn’t. Instead he slips through the door at the end of the hall and into the empty staircase, sitting down on the landing and pulling out his phone again.

I miss you.

I miss you.

I miss you.

He’s not drunk enough to justify this. Not nearly. But he’s just drunk enough not to care. His finger hovering over the call button for what feels like ages. Minutes. Hours. Years. He can feel it so vividly, the press of Barty’s lips that day in the rain.

Just a Tuesday.

He’d been wet and cold and beautiful. Pouring himself into Evan, filling in the empty spaces Evan hadn’t realized were there. Now they feel gaping. Now he is made of black holes that suck everything in but never feel full. He hates Barty for that.

He presses the button.

His hand is shaking as he holds the phone to his ear, listening to it ring. He doesn’t think Barty’ll pick up. Knowing him, he’s probably asleep. Or still at the rink. Either way he’s not answering his phone. Or maybe he’s just sitting there, watching Evan’s name flash on the screen. Evan exhales, leaning against the cold concrete wall. He doesn’t know if he’ll leave a voicemail. He shouldn’t. What would he even say?

But then the ringing stops.

It stops.

At first he thinks Barty’s rejected the call, but then he hears it. A trembling exhale. And he squeezes his eyes shut. Because Barty is right there. Right there and so far away. And whose fault is that? shouts the angry voice in his head.

You did this.

You wanted this.

He didn’t. Not at all. But what else was he supposed to do?

You thought he would quit for you.

No.

You thought you’d walk away and he’d follow.

I just—

You thought he’d choose you over his father.

No! I thought he’d choose him. I just wanted him to choose him. 

They don’t speak. Neither of them. But they don’t hang up either. Just sitting there, listening to one another breathe. Evan doesn’t know if this hurts Barty the way it hurts him.

He hopes it doesn’t.

He hopes it does.

I love you, he wants to say. He’s never said it out loud. Never told Barty. But he knows it’s true, knows now more than ever. I love you so much. I just want to keep you safe. I just want to make you happy. I just can’t watch you break again. I won’t survive it. Please understand. Please. Please. Please.

I love you.

But he doesn’t say any of that. He doesn’t say anything.

 

 

Part IV Sirius

They’re not speaking.

I mean, they are but not…properly. Not like normal. They say “hi, how are you, can you pass the orange juice?” but they don’t talk. Remus doesn’t follow him out onto the roof. Sirius doesn’t wander into Remus’s bedroom.

And he hates it.

It’s his fault. He knows it is.

He needs to apologize. He knows that too.

He just…can’t. He’s shit at apologies for starters, they never sound right, never sound sincere. He always ends up laughing—not because anything is funny, but just because he’s nervous. Uncomfortable.

They sit at the table in the kitchen, Remus looking at his phone, Sirius pushing his soggy cereal around his bowl. His eyes flick over to Remus almost constantly. Always hoping he’ll find the other boy looking back, but he never does.

After a few minutes he gives up and just nudges Remus under the table.

“Yeah?” Remus does not look like he has any interest in talking to Sirius whatsoever. 

Sirius tries not to grimace, forcing himself to pretend that nothing is wrong. “I think we need to take James out.”

Remus stares at him for a few seconds before: “I’m not sure he wants that, he’s been a bit…mopey.”

“That’s exactly why we need to take him out,” Sirius says passionately.

Remus gives him a look. “Because he doesn’t want to go?”

“He’s wallowing.”

“Yeah well, he just broke up with the girl he thought he was going to marry. I think he’s allowed to wallow a little bit.”

Sirius does not agree. “Listen, as his boys—“

“Please never refer to us as his “boys” ever again,” Remus wrinkles his nose in distaste. He can be a real snob when he wants to be.

“Fine, his friends then. Is that better?” Remus just gives him a flat look in response, so Sirius continues. “It’s our job to make him get out of the house.”

“Is it?”

“Yes.”

The pair stare at one another for a moment, waiting for the other to break. It’s Moony who eventually gives in.

“Fine. When?”

“Tomorrow night.”

“Where?”

“The Leaky, obviously.”

“Obviously.” Somehow that doesn’t sound right. Not that Remus is particularly big on tone, but still, Sirius can’t help but feel that there’s something a little less playful about this teasing than normal. It’s not helped by the awkward silence that follows it. Dragging on too long. Feeling completely foreign between them.

Are you going to invite Peter? Remus asks finally. Sirius doesn’t know if he notices when he switches to signing or if it just happens when he isn’t thinking about it. Sometimes Sirius does that with French. 

I’m trying to make James feel better, Sirius signs back. Not get him into a fight.

He isn’t going to fight Peter, he sees him every day at practice.

Well he’s not going to fight him at practice, Sirius pulls a face like that is the most ridiculous thing he’s ever heard—or, well, read. But at the Leaky? Definitely a possibility.

Remus watches him for a second before shaking his head. You two need to talk to him.

Sirius’s frowns. Why?

Because he’s one of our best friends.

He went behind our fucking backs’ Remus.

I know but—

He sided with Mulciber. Nicolai Mulciber.

Remus’s eyes narrow. I’m not sure you’re really one to talk.

“What?” he forgets to use his hands. He didn't see that coming. Remus isn't usually the passive-aggressive type. 

Forget it.

“No, clearly there’s something you want to say.”

Remus glares.

“Well?”

The glaring continues.

“Fuck you Remus. Fuck you—Rosy almost died. You don’t get to sit there and act like—like this,” he waves his finger between them. “Is even close to that.”

Remus continues to stonewall him for a few more seconds before eventually deflating. Shoulders hunching forward. Okay. 

“Okay?”

Yes. You’re right. That was…uncalled for.

Sirius lets out a huff, running his hand through his hair. Peter hurt people, he signs eventually. That’s not something you just forgive.

He didn’t mean to. He called you when it got too much.

Yeah well…he should have known better.

And he can see it, see it in the way Remus’s hands hover there for a moment, motionless. See it in the way he bites down on his lower lip. The words “so should you” desperate to be said. And he can also see the moment Remus pulls them back.

Sirius sighs. Fine. I’ll talk to James. But I’m not making any promises. And I’m not pushing him on it right now.

At the end of the day, it’s James who needs to forgive Peter. Who can’t imagine being in Peter’s shoes. Making the choices he did. Sure Sirius thinks Peter’s a fucking dick. But then, Sirius does dumb shit all the time. Fucked up shit. 

James doesn’t know what it’s like to do the wrong thing.

So it hurts more. When he realizes the rest of them do.

Thank you, Remus signs eventually.

There’s another stretch of uncomfortable silence, this time ending with Remus turning back to his phone, and Sirius wants to throw something. Break something. Wants to demand Remus’s attention.

Look at me.

Look at me.

Look at me.

He’s thinking about doing something drastic. Like dumping his cereal on Remus’s head. Like apologizing. But then his phone starts vibrating on the table. He looks down, blood running cold when he sees the name flashing on the screen. 

“Sirius?”

He looks up to find Remus with that silly line he gets between his eyebrows when he’s worried. Sirius doesn’t know what to say to him, so he doesn’t say anything, just shakes his head. Picking up the phone.

“Mom?” voice tight, eyes still locked with Remus.

“Where is your brother?”

Ah. Figures.

“Hello to you too,” his whole body feels like it’s vibrating, every muscle pulled tight. He can’t remember the last time he spoke to his mother. A few months ago? A year?

“He isn’t answering his phone.”

Good, Sirius thinks, I hope he fucking blocks you.

“And that’s my problem because?”

She makes a scoffing noise. “He’s your brother—Christ Sirius, you never change do you? I couldn’t rely on you to watch him when you were younger and I can’t now.”

His teeth clench. “That’s not fair.”

“Isn’t it? All the times he ever got hurt it was because of you.”

“That’s. Not. Fair.” Because it isn’t. It isn’t.

“Yes, very mature Sirius.”

He bites back the dozens of nasty remarks he wants to make.

“He’s an adult mom,” is what he manages eventually. “He can do what he wants. It’s out of my control.” And yours he doesn’t add.   

“He’s eighteen, he’s a child. He needs someone to watch out for him.”

And what about me? demands the petulant voice in his head. Why didn’t I need someone?

“He’ll be fine.”

His mother laughs. “Oh come now Sirius, you know what he’s like,” and then; “Delicate.” She does not disguise the distaste in her voice.

His teeth are grinding so hard he’s not sure he’ll have any left by the time this conversation is over. “Regulus is fine,” he repeats, with a bit more force.

“Go. Check. On. Him.”

“Mom I’m—“

“Sirius Black I’m not asking. You go check on your brother and you make sure he calls me.”

There’s a long moment of silence during which Sirius attempts, with every ounce of self-control he has, not to say: or what? What’re you going to do? What can you do to me now?

“Honestly,” his mother goes on, because of course she can’t let anything go. “You were such a sweet little boy. I don’t know what happened. What made you this…”

“This what?” he asks, voice brittle. He should just leave it. Should have never picked up the phone in the first place. Every conversation with her is an act of self-harm.

“Thoughtless.”

He doesn’t know why it hurts. She’s said worse.

“Go check on him,” she repeats. 

Sirius is shaking a little bit, Remus still sitting across from him, face lined with concern, breakfast pushed off to the side.

“Yeah,” Sirius manages finally. “I’ll do that.”

“Good.”

That’s it. No goodbye. No thank you. The line just goes dead. Slowly Sirius places the phone back on the table, just staring at it for a second, trying to gather himself back up. A host of unwelcome memories flickering through his mind.

“Sirius?” Remus reaches across the table, covering his hand. It’s the first time they’ve touched since the fight. “Hey? You okay? What’d she say?”

He inhales.

Exhales.

“Sirius?”

Sirius lifts his head, making sure Remus can see him. “I’m sorry.”

Remus blinks. “Your mom said she’s sorry?”

Sirius almost laughs. “No. I’m sorry. Me. I’m sorry. For going off on you about—“ he shakes his head. “You’re right, I was out of line. I should have talked to you. I’m sorry.”

Sorry that I’m so thoughtless.

Remus is still just looking at him. “What did she say?” he asks again.

Sirius rolls his eyes. “It doesn’t matter.”

“We’ve been walking around this apartment on eggshells for the last few days and then you get a call from your mother and suddenly you’re apologizing?” he gives Sirius a wane smile. “I think it matters a little bit.”

Sirius doesn’t want to get into it. It isn’t important anyway. Poor little rich boy with parents who don’t love him enough. He knows how it sounds. Knows what a fucking cliché he is. And he hates it.

“Sirius—“

“I’m just sorry Remus. I should have said it before, I get that. But I’m saying it now, alright? I’m just—I’m saying it now.”

There’s another long moment of tension, Remus looking like he’s trying to work something out. Picking apart whatever it is he sees in Sirius’s eyes. Eventually he sits back in his chair.

“Ok.”

“Ok?”

Remus nods slowly. “Apology accepted.”

Something flutters in Sirius’s chest. “Yeah?”

Remus’s smile still isn’t quite right. “Yeah Sirius, of course.”

Of course.

He doesn’t know what that means.

With a huff Remus turns his attention back to his breakfast, though his cheeks are a little red and all Sirius can do is stare. Something still not sitting right with him. It hums impatiently beneath his skin. Demanding action. Demanding he do something. Touch something. Break something.

“Don’t want Regulus,” he says, Remus’s head still down. “Please don’t want Regulus. Please don’t want anyone,” his voice seems too loud. Words shaking ever so slightly. “Can’t we just stay like this? Aren’t you happy?” he doesn’t know what he’s asking for, not really, doesn’t know why he’s asking for it either.  What he does know, is that Remus is his. He just is. Like James. Like Peter. His. His. His. He wants them all. Doesn’t want to share, doesn’t want to give them up.

His.

His.

His.

Especially Remus.

“I—“

He cuts himself off as Remus’s eyes flick up, his face scrunching as he takes in Sirius’s still open mouth.

“Sorry, did you—did you say something?” his eyes are so bright and so big that they make it very hard for Sirius to concentrate. He swallows with difficulty.

“No,” he coughs. “No, ‘course not. I know better than that,” he offers Remus what he hopes is a sincere looking smile, but Remus doesn’t look convinced.

“You okay?”

His smile cracks. “Of course.”

Mine, he thinks, barely resisting the urge to reach out and grab him. Sink his teeth in.

Mine.

Mine.

Mine.

 

 

He makes his way through the Gryffindor dorms, waving at a few people he knows—or, well, people who know him anyway—taking the stairs two at a time. He’s pretty much mastered the art of breaking into these rooms. Knows just how to kick the piece of shit doors to get the locks to pop open. But while he can get away with that with James, he has a feeling Regulus might actually murder him. So for the first time in years, he knocks.

“Sirius?” Regulus squints up at him. “What’re you doing here?”

“Wow, don't sound too excited," Sirius grins. "Rosy around?"  

“Class,” Regulus answers, still looking confused. “Though he should be back soon.”

“Cool,” they look at each other for a moment. “So…can I come in then?”

“Oh,” like Regulus is only just realizing that they’re standing in the hallway. “Yeah, of course.”

It’s not hard to tell which side of the room belongs to who. One, noticeably messier than the other, has photographs of smiling people and hockey players haphazardly plastered up onto the walls. While the other is bare, the only reason you can even tell anyone uses it is the laptop open on the desk.

“Er,” Regulus stands awkwardly in front of his bed. “So…what’s up?”

When Regulus was little he used to tell Sirius everything. Everything. What he did. What he ate. What he thought. And it probably would have been annoying, if it weren’t for the fact that Regulus rarely spoke. He was an uncannily quiet kid, especially when compared to his older brother. It was like he was saving all of it for Sirius. Gathering things up throughout the day just so he could let it all out when the pair of them were hiding under their bed covers.

It used to make Sirius feel special. That he was the one person his brother trusted. That he was the one who knew him best.

That was a long time ago though.

These days Sirius is on the outside just like everyone else.

“How are you?” he asks finally, attempting for casual but almost certainly failing.

Regulus looks at him suspiciously. “Fineee…why?”

“Cause I’m your brother and I wanna know how you are.”

And if you’re fucking Remus.

Sirius makes a face. He really doesn’t want to think about that right now. Plus, he’s pretty sure Regulus isn’t. That Remus wouldn’t.

Maybe.

Probably.

Regulus’s eyes narrow. “You’re being weird.”

“I am not.”

“Are too.”

“Am not.”

“Are too.”

“I am not you little shit,” he grabs hold of Regulus who struggles as Sirius wrestles him into a headlock and starts giving him a nuggie.

“Get off!” his voice is muffled as he gets a mouthful of Sirius’s arm, the pair of them staggering around the room. “Get off asshole!”

“Admit that I’m not being weird.”

“Oh my god, this is so stupid.”

But Sirius does not let go, taking great satisfaction in the grunts and squeaks being made by his little brother. They knock into one of the desks, a few things falling over.

“Sirius—would you—oh fucking—fine! Fine! You’re not being weird!”

They stagger apart, Regulus’s hands instantly going to his hair which is looking hilariously frizzy. He glares daggers at Sirius.

“Now was that so hard?”

The glaring intensifies. “You’re the worst.”

Sirius accepts this, leaning against the wall behind him, hands in his pockets. “Maybe now you’ll learn to respect your elders.”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “You’re like two years older than me.”

“And?”

Another huff as he gives up on his hair. Probably for the best, it’s kind of a lost cause. He looks very much like someone who just got into a fight with a hairdryer. 

“What are you doing here Sirius, really?”

Sirius chews on his bottom lip, not entirely sure what the best way to go about this is. In the end, he decides on the direct approach: “Mom called.”

Regulus goes stock still, it’s a little unnerving honestly. “Oh.”

Sirius nods, tension creeping into the room, their mother like the monster under their beds. Always reaching for their ankles.

“Yeah.”

Regulus visibly swallows. “What did she—er—what did she say?”

Sirius isn’t exactly sure what the deal is with Regulus and their parents. As far as he knows Regulus is their golden child. The one who does as he’s told. Who gets in line. Always, has. Always will. But clearly something has changed. Regulus coming to Godric is proof of that.

“She said—“

That I let you down.

I hate her. She’s right and I hate her.

“—that she can’t get a hold of you.”

Regulus looks uncomfortable, shuffling his feet, eyes darting around. “I’ve just been busy.”

“Hey listen,” Sirius holds his hands up. “You don’t wanna talk to her you have my full support.”

“It’s not that. I’m not—” Regulus grimaces.

You.

I’m not you.

“She’s just…a lot sometimes. That’s all. She means well.”

It sounds rehearsed. Sirius doesn’t buy it—is pretty sure their mother has never meant well in her life. But he doesn’t point that out.

“Okay, I get that,” there’s an awkward moment where neither of them seems to know what to say. Regulus very resolutely not making eye contact with Sirius, Sirius trying very hard to figure out how to be an adult about this. “But is that…I mean, is that all?”

“What do you mean?”

Sirius rubs at the back of his neck. “Just…she’s not the only person whose phone calls you don’t pick up.”

Pain flickers across Regulus’s face.

“Woah hey, Reg, I didn’t mean it like that,” he’s fucking this up. He’s crap at feelings. Has less tact than a spoon. “I just meant,” he lets out a heavy breath. “How are you? Really?”

The question seems too big for them all of a sudden. Taking up all the air in the room. The afternoon sun drifting in through the window, the voices of other students in the quad in the background. The longer Regulus doesn’t answer the bigger the question gets. Pushing them into the walls. Ugly against the backdrop of the beautiful day.

“Reg—“

But Regulus shakes his head. “I’m fine.”

Which Sirius doesn’t think is convincing either of them, and he takes a step forward without even really thinking about it, starting to feel some genuine concern. “You know you can talk to me, right?”

There’s a pause before Regulus finally looks at Sirius properly. “I know.”

Which hurts.

Because he doesn’t mean it.

Because of the silence that follows.

Because he used to tell Sirius everything.

“Listen,” Sirius is struggling here, really struggling. No idea how to cross the moat that Regulus has dug around himself in the years they’ve been apart. “I know I wasn’t…there, for everything that happened last year—“

“Don’t,” Regulus’s voice is sharp, instantly pulling Sirius up short.

“I’m just trying to say—“

“Don’t—stop,” Regulus brings his hands up, like he’s trying to protect himself from the words coming out of Sirius’s mouth.

Fuck.

What the hell is he doing wrong? He just wants to be there for Regulus. Wants to help him. Wants to be his big brother again. Properly. He’s not sure why he was so much better at this when he was ten.

“I’m fine Sirius, I’m fine. I promise, okay? Everything is fine, none of that stuff—I’m better now. I promise. I’m all good.”

Sirius can’t explain why that makes him feel sad.

But it does.

“Okay Regulus,” he backs off, because he’s in over his head here. “Okay just…if you’re ever not—“

“I can do this,” Regulus says, which feels like it comes out of nowhere as far as Sirius is concerned, but his brother looks determined. “Can you—I just need you to believe that okay?”

Sirius nods his head. “Of course. I believe you. You can do anything, always could.”

For some reason that makes Regulus crumple a little bit, and Sirius takes another step forward just as the door opens behind him.

“Oh shit, hey bro,” Evan smiles as he walks into the room, dumping his books on his bed and offering his fist up to Sirius who meets it without hesitating. Second nature. He watches Evan’s eyes bounce between him and Regulus, smile fading ever so slightly. “Uh—what’s up?”

Sirius shakes out his shoulders, sliding an easy grin onto his face and pretending that everything is fine and not at all weird. “Just came by to see what you guys are doing tomorrow night?”

Evan looks at Regulus again, clearly not convinced. “I’m free, why? What’d you have in mind?”

“Well, James has gone and got himself dumped so—“

“What?”

The word comes out loud. Well, loud for Regulus. Which is surprising, since, as far as Sirius is aware, James and Regulus aren’t exactly buddies. Evan, who actually knows James, seems far less shocked, though he is currently giving Regulus a look that Sirius does not at all understand. 

“Like—he—“ Regulus coughs, trying and failing to seem at all casual about this. “When?”

“Few days ago.”

“Like, how many days?”

Sirius squints. “Why? You gonna mark it on your calendar or something?”

Regulus’s cheeks go pink but that doesn’t stop him from glaring at Sirius. “Fuck you, I just—I’m surprised I guess.”

Which, fair enough. They all are, Sirius reckons.

“It was a bit of a shock, yeah.” Sirius honestly didn’t think it would ever happen, even if he had gotten the feeling recently that maybe things weren’t exactly…right. James and Lily have been sucking face since high school, it’s hard to picture them apart. Feels unnatural.

“Anyway,” he goes on, “me and Remus are gonna take him out, get his mind off things.” 

There’s a weird pause during which Regulus and Evan share another look: “I—“ Reg starts, clearly uncomfortable. “I don’t think I should come.” 

“What?” Sirius feels his brow furrow. “Why?”

“I just,” he shrugs, curly hair falling in his eyes. It’s getting long, Sirius wonders if he’s growing it out on purpose. Their mother hates long hair. Everything with her has to be neat. Orderly. The first thing Sirius did when he left that house was grow his hair long. “I don’t think James’ll want me there.”

Sirius narrows his eyes. “Okay, now you’re being weird.”

“Oh my god, don’t start that again,” Regulus groans, taking a precautionary step out of Sirius's reach. 

“Vraiment Regulus, qu'est-ce qui se passe ?”

“Hey, not cool dude!” Evan complains, but Sirius only has eyes for his brother. He’s missed something here, with James and Regulus, and he doesn’t like it.

“Étoile, dis-moi.”

They used that nickname interchangeably when they were young. They’re both stars after all. Though Sirius has always felt it suited Regulus better.

Regulus grimaces. “It’s not a big deal. We just…kind of…we kind of got into a fight.”

Which,

what the fuck?

James didn’t say anything about that.

“A fight?” he repeats, like he doesn’t quite understand the word. “How? About what?” Because he genuinely has no idea. For starters, James doesn’t fight. Like, except maybe Mulciber, and even then it’s usually Sirius who ends up losing his cool.

“It—I don’t know, it doesn’t matter. I just…I feel like I should probably sit this one out,” he tugs at the sleeves of his shirt, ears red.

Sirius watches him for a few seconds, trying to decide whether or not to push this, but given the conversation they just had, he can’t imagine that’ll go well.

“Listen,” he says finally. “Prongs doesn’t know how to hold a grudge. He’s never even heard the word. So if you’re cool, he’s cool.” Regulus looks uncertain. “I promise,” Sirius reassures him. “Besides, I want you to come. I’ve barely seen you this semester.”

Regulus still doesn’t look convinced, but tentatively nods his head. “I—okay. Yeah, I’m…cool.”

“And James is single,” Evan adds, earning him a look from Regulus. Sirius’s eyes pass between the pair of them, trying and failing to figure out what the hell is going on.

“On en parlera plus tard,” he says finally, Regulus giving him a sheepish look. “Pas de secrets d'accord? On n'en n'a pas besoin ici.”

Regulus nods. “Okay,” he agrees softly.

“Okay,” and then Sirius steps back, clapping his hands together. “Great, so, tomorrow at the Leaky then? Eight o’clock?”

“Sounds good to me,” Evan smiles.

“Dope, well…” moving towards the door a little awkwardly. “I gotta go to class but I’ll—uh—see you guys later.”

“Hey Black?” Evan calls out as Sirius gets his hand on the doorknob. He looks back over his shoulder.  “Why do you call Potter Prongs?”

That makes Sirius grin, something warm and familiar pooling in his stomach. “Classified information rookie.”

 

 

Part V Regulus

Regulus is once again standing outside the Leaky Cauldron.

Once again certain that this is definitely a mistake.

“Come on,” Evan nudges him with his elbow. “It’s gonna be fun.”

Regulus doesn’t believe that for a second. “I shouldn’t be here. He isn’t going to want to see me.”

Evan rolls his eyes. “As someone who has met James Potter, I doubt that. Besides, he’s probably already drunk.”

That might be true, but Regulus isn’t sure if that’s better. He tugs at his sweater, a bad habit, looking down at himself and wondering, for the hundredth time, if he should have worn something else. He doesn’t know how to dress, never has. Not like Cerci or Sirius. Regulus wears clothes sure, but he’s never been anything worth looking at.

This is definitely a mistake. 

“Maybe I should just—“

“No, no, no,” Evan puts his hands on Regulus’s shoulders and pushes him forward. “We’re not chickening out now.”

Regulus scowls. “I’m not chickening out, I’m just being rational.”

“Uh-huh, sure, you keep telling yourself that.”

Regulus continues to scowl but allows himself to be pushed through the door into the dark crowded bar on the other side. The air is heavy—sweat and beer just hanging there, like they’re swimming in it—he can feel it touching his skin. There are people everywhere. Somehow there are always people here. Don’t they have homework? Don’t they have jobs? Don’t they have nice quiet bedrooms they can curl up in? Why would anyone be here who isn’t being forced to be by a pushy blond hockey player?

“REGULUS!”

Déjà fucking vu.

Regulus doesn’t know about James, but Sirius is definitely drunk. Him and James sitting at the bar, a stack of shot glasses already towering beside them. Sirius’s hair is falling out of the bun at the back of his neck, shirt untucked, sunglasses pushed up to the top of his head, and standing beside him is—

Regulus comes to an abrupt stop. So abrupt, that Evan knocks into him, causing the pair of them to stumble into a nearby table.

“Woah, what’s up?”

Regulus doesn’t answer. Too busy freaking out. He hadn’t registered it. He knows Sirius said Remus would be here, he knows that, but Sirius says Remus’s name so often that Regulus barely heard it. Not taking in what it really meant. That Remus would be here. Here in this room. Here in this room where Regulus also, regrettably, is.

“Regulus?”

“I have to go,” he tries to make a dash for the door but stupid Evan and his stupid giant body is standing in the stupid way.

“Hey wait—dude—hold-up!” he grabs Regulus by the shoulders again, holding him still.

“This was a mistake,” Regulus says desperately. “This was a huge fucking mistake. I shouldn’t be here.”

“What are you talking about?”

And oh, oh Regulus can’t tell him. Can’t tell Evan how he acted. Can’t bear the disappointment.

“I just—I have to go.”

He tries to shake Evan off but, of course, Evan isn’t having any of it. “Regulus—Regulus just, would you look at me? Hey? Look at me for a second?”

Reluctantly, he does, Evan’s big blue eyes running him over, like he thinks he’ll be able to figure out what’s wrong. Like it’s that easy. After a few seconds he gives Regulus’s shoulders a squeeze. “One hour.”

Regulus blinks. “What?”

“Stick it out for one hour. If you still wanna go after that we can fuck off back to the room and watch a movie or something. Okay?”

Regulus swears he can feel Remus behind him, feel him burning holes in his back. James he thought he could cope with. Well, actually no, he didn’t, but he was gonna try. But the both of them?

Mistake.

Mistake.

Mistake.

“For Sirius yeah?” Evan says finally, which Regulus personally thinks is a dirty unfair play. “Besides, I’m pretty sure there’s no way he’s gonna let us walk out of here now that he’s seen us.”

Regulus sighs. “That is probably true.”

“One hour?”

He doesn’t know if he can do it. Honestly he doesn’t.

“Okay,” he exhales. People have endured worse things than sixty minutes of awkwardness. Or at least that’s what he tells himself. “One hour.”

“Hell yeah dude.”

Evan straightens up, keeping a hand on Regulus’s shoulder as they turn back around and walk towards the bar. Regulus isn’t sure if it’s meant to be reassuring or stop him from running. 

“Youuuuu’reee late!” Sirius slurs when they get there, pointing an emphatic finger at the centre of Regulus’s chest.

“By twenty minutes, how’re you this drunk already?”

“Tequila shots!” Sirius announces, throwing his hands up in the air. “Speaking of which—barkeep! Good sir!” he’s leaning almost his entire torso across the bar, and Regulus makes to grab hold of his back, to keep him from falling, but Remus beats him to it.

“Jesus Sirius,” he says while he does it.

Regulus instantly steps back, shoving his hands in his pockets.

“Alright there captain?” Evan asks over Sirius’s head.

Regulus lets himself look at James for the first time. Or maybe it’s less that he lets himself and more that he can’t help himself. James is wearing a blue silk button down shirt, the collar hanging open, exposing his chest. He looks unfairly good. And he’s glaring at Regulus. Or maybe at Evan. It’s honestly a bit hard to tell given how closely they’re standing to one another. 

“Fine,” James says, a little tense. “I’m fine.” He does not sound remotely fine, but Regulus supposes that’s to be expected.

“SHOTS!” Sirius shouts before anymore can be said, a very haggard looking bartender delivering a circular platter loaded with tiny glasses.

“Fuck Sirius, how many did you order?” Regulus asks, horrified.

“Pfft,” Sirius lifts one to his mouth. “Dunno, just asked for lots. And look,” he gestures with his free hand, “lots.”

James picks up his own shot glass, him and Sirius cheers-ing as they shoot them back. Remus rolls his eyes.

“Rosy!” Sirius grabs hold of Evan’s arm, dropping his empty glass on the counter with a clink, and yanking Evan forward. “Have a shot! Team shots!”

For some reason, that Regulus does not understand, that makes James laugh. Which makes Sirius laugh. Which makes James laugh harder. Regulus doesn’t think that Remus means to look at him exactly, more like he’s just looking for someone and Regulus happens to be there. He sees the moment of regret in Remus’s eyes at first, and then: “This night is going to be miserable, I hope you’re prepared.”

Regulus gives him a nervous smile, unclear on where exactly they stand. “I know James just got broken up with, but what the hell is Sirius’s excuse?”

Something flickers across Remus’s face but Regulus isn’t sure what it is. The other boy looks at Sirius’s back for a moment. “No idea.”

Regulus isn’t quite sure he believes that, but he’s not about to push the matter.

“REGULUS!”

He winces. “Sirius, you know you don’t have to yell my name every time you say it, right?”

Sirius pouts. “That is not something I know at all. Now come here and do a tequila shot with us!”

Regulus would rather die.

“Tequila really isn’t my thi—“

“REGULUS!”

“Jesus,” Remus is making a pained face. “Pretty sure even I heard that.”

Sirius only grins, using all his teeth, looking like a very smug ten year old. He signs when he speaks. Regulus still isn’t sure how he does that. Especially drunk.

“I can get louder,” he gives Regulus a significant look. A threat.

“Look I—“

“REG—“ 

“Fine—Jesus—fine.”

Sirius smiles triumphantly, grabbing Regulus the way he grabbed Evan and pulling him up to the bar, right into the space next to James. James has his elbows on the counter, eyes a little glassy and firmly on the space in front of him.

“Um…” Regulus says, feeling like a little kid with the bar pressing into his stomach. “Hi.”

James smiles. It’s sad. “Hi.”

Sirius is busy rambling at Evan and Remus about something, forgetting the reason he pulled Regulus up here in the first place, and leaving him stuck in this ridiculously awkward situation that is making his hands all kinds of sweaty.

“I’m sorry,” he says finally, not knowing what else to do. James gives him a look so he quickly clarifies: “About…Lily.” And nothing else, he almost adds, but doesn’t. This is emphatically not the time to be passive-aggressive.

James grimaces, “Ah,” he manages. And then: “Yeah. Me too.”

James really does look terribly sad, which feels unnatural. James Potter was clearly made to shine. Regulus opens his mouth again, wanting to make things better, probably about to make things worse, when an arm swings itself around his shoulders.

“Shots! Shots! Shots!” Sirius chants into his ear, apparently remembering why Regulus is there.

He rolls his eyes. “One shot. Just one. That’s it.”

Sirius scoffs, giving Regulus a cheeky grin. “That’s what they all say.”

 

 

“Christ James,” Evan huffs, barely an hour later, as they deliver James to the bathroom floor of the bar. The last place Regulus imagines anyone wants to be. But James doesn’t protest, just sort of…collapses into the corner of the stall.

“M’okay,” he gives them a smile. “Totally okay. Just need to puke and then I’ll be peaccccchhhhheeeessss.”

Regulus makes a face.

“Yeah, okay captain,” Evan says, far more amused by this whole situation than Regulus thinks he should be. “You do that.”

James squints up at him. “I like you Rosy.”

Evan Laughs. “I like you too.”

James nods, looking like he’s trying very hard to concentrate. “I like you even when you’re doing stuff I don’t like. That’s how much I like you. You’re a very likeable guy. So I get it you know? I GET it. But I just don’t like it. I don’t even know why. I just know it feels all,” he proceeds to make several strange noises, like something being squished. “You know?”

Both Evan and Regulus stare blankly back at him.

“Er—“ Evan says eventually, clearly trying not to laugh. “Sure dude. Yeah.” He shoots Regulus a look.

Regulus is about to suggest they get him some water when the bathroom door swings open and a frazzled Remus comes in.

“Evan?” he asks, voice far too loud for the small space. “Can I get your help? Sirius is currently trying to climb onto the bar and recreate his favourite scene from Coyote Ugly.”

“He's doing what-now?”

Remus sighs, waving a dismissive hand. "Never mind, can  you just come help me? I can’t tackle him by myself.”

“Sure thing boss,” Evan looks back at Regulus. “You good to watch him?” 

Him. 

James. 

He wants to leave him alone with drunk James Potter. 

“I—“ no. no. no. no. no. “Yeah. Okay.”

Evan nods, following Remus back out into the bar, the door swinging shut behind him. Regulus stares at it, fingers nervously twitching at his sides.

“You know,” James says after a moment of silence. “I have bigger hands than Rosy.”

Regulus takes a deep breath before turning towards the boy still on the floor. “What?”

“I’m just saying,” he goes on, like this is a perfectly normal conversation. “They’re bigger. Like I know he’s big but…my hands,” he shows Regulus his palms. “In case you care about that kinda thing.”

Regulus just stares at him. “Why the hell would I care about the size of your hands?”

James shrugs, though he looks a little put-out by that response and Regulus has no idea why. They lapse into silence again, the music pounding through the walls from the main room, Regulus regretting every decision he’s ever made. 

“Hey Reg? Hey? Hey?”

Regulus sighs. “Yeah James?”

He points at the space across from him. “Sit with me?”

Regulus snorts. “No way.”

“Aw, come on Regulus! Sit with me!”

“There’s is absolutely no way I am sitting on this floor.”

James actually pouts, lower lip quivering and everything. “Please? Pleaasseeeeeeee?”

“It’s disgusting,” Regulus says resolutely.

“Please, please, please, please, please, please, please—“

“Oh fucking Christ, fine! You goddamn nightmare.” Him and Sirius are way too much alike.

James smiles as Regulus lowers himself reluctantly onto the floor across from him. There’s not much room so their legs end up tangled together. Regulus does his best not to think about it. Not to focus on the places where they touch. James so warm even through his clothes.

James’s smile fades a little. “You’re mad?”

Regulus huffs. “I’m not mad.”

“You are though. You’re always mad at me.”

“James—“ this is so not the time for this conversation. Though he’s beginning to think there is no time for this conversation. The two of them completely incompatible in every way, never able to understand one another.

“I just don’t want anyone to hurt you,” James goes on, causing Regulus to grab at the floor, needing something to keep him steady.

“What?”

But James isn’t really paying attention to him. “I know I’m too much, I get that, I come on too strong,” he scrunches his face up. “It’s—I was like that with Lily too. It wasn’t—I know it’s no good.” He closes his eyes for a second. “I know, I know, I know. But then you’re just there and I forget that. And he was hurting you, I could see it. Your face. I could see it.”

“James please,” Regulus says a little desperately, looking back at the door and praying that someone walks through it and puts an end to this. Because he has no idea what’s happening. Except that James is drunk. He’s drunk. And he doesn’t mean it the way it sounds. Regulus knows that. Knows. But—

“See!”

Regulus blinks as James shoves an accusatory finger in his face. He slaps it away instinctually. “See what?”

“You’re mad! Again!”

“I’m not mad.”

“You sooooound mad.”

“Yeah, well,” he looks at James and then away. They’re just a little too close, and even like this—drunk and messy and sitting on this disgusting floor—James Potter is still the most beautiful thing Regulus has ever seen.

It’s not fair.

Not even a little.

“Maybe that’s just my voice.”

James frowns. “It isn’t.”

“Oh and you’re an expert are you? We’ve only had a handful of conversations James. I don’t know where you get off thinking you know me so well.”

James huffs, kicking him.

“Hey!” he kicks back. “What the heck was that for!”

“I don’t know you.”

Regulus rolls his eyes.  “Glad we can agree on something.”

James ignores him. “I don’t know you, but I want to. I dream about you,” he wrinkles his nose. “A lot.”

Regulus starts choking. “You. What,” voice several octaves higher than he would like it to be.

“I don’t know why,” James actually looks a little upset about this. “I trieeeed not to. Really. But they’re dreams aren’t they? You can’t control them. They just happen.”

Regulus is staring at him, eyes and mouth wide open, not sure he’s really hearing this. Maybe that tequila went to his head more than he realized.

“I don’t know you,” James says for the third time. “But I…I like you.”

Regulus can’t help but laugh, running a hand over his sweaty face. He feels lightheaded. “Why?” he’s not sure he really wants to know. “All I do is shout at you.”

“I know right? Weird.”

Regulus wishes he found James just a bit less endearing, it would make this all much easier.

“You’re always so…frowny.”

“Not always,” Regulus says defensively, even though he knows James is probably right. The older boy opens his mouth and then closes it.

“No,” he says finally. “Not always.” And then, horrifically, James leans forward, hand reaching out and cupping Regulus’s face. Making his breath catch. “Sometimes,” James goes on, oblivious to Regulus’s distress. “You smile,” James’s thumb traces the line of Regulus’s mouth, stopping at the corner. “You smile right here. Right in this spot. And…poof.”

Regulus blinks, fairly certain any moment he’s going to pass out. Utterly overwhelmed by James. The sight of him. The feel of him. “Poof?” he somehow manages to ask.

“Yeah,” James says slowly, eyes trained on Regulus’s mouth. “Poof. Nothing else exists. Just this. Just you. Poof. How do you do that?”

He can’t answer. Can’t move. Mind replaying those words over and over again.

“James,” he whispers, for reasons he doesn’t understand. “What’s going on?”

James only shakes his head. “I don’t know.” But he doesn’t pull away. Neither does Regulus. Though he should. He absolutely, one hundred percent, should.

“James—“

“I don’t know,” he says again. “I don’t know, can you just—can you—can you come here?”

“James.”   

“Shh, shh, just—“

Regulus doesn’t know how it happens. Slowly and then all at once. The space between them disappearing as James pulls him in and Regulus lets him. Powerless to do anything else. This is nothing like kissing Evan. This is fireworks and earthquakes and supernovas. This is sunshine and rainbows and cotton candy.

This is magic.

James groans, hand in Regulus’s hair, pulling on it lightly and—fuck. Fuck that is…that is something. A high keening noise comes out of his mouth that he’ll definitely be embarrassed about later. He’s almost positive his hands are shaking, grabbing hold of James’s shoulders just to keep himself upright. His brain like a TV that keeps losing signal, flicking in and out of focus. The panic comes and goes in waves. This is everything he has ever wanted. It’s incredible. It’s terrifying. It’s—

James breaks the kiss. Regulus feels a little dazed, thoughts fuzzy and warm and he’s about to ask James why he stopped when—James leans over the toilet bowl and proceeds to be violently ill.

Because James is drunk.

James is really drunk.

And upset.

And oh my god.

Oh my god, what the fuck is Regulus doing?

He scrambles to his feet, grabbing hold of the sink in front of him as he listens to James continuing to wretch. He closes his eyes, trying to breathe. Trying to think. But this is…this is bad. This has to be bad, right? Fuck. Fuck. Oh fuck. Oh no. Oh—

The door opens and Regulus instantly stands up straight, a sick feeling rocking through him as Remus walks in.

“Ah,” he says, stopping at the sight of James curled over the toilet. “Well, better out than in,” he gives Regulus a dry smile that falters at the sight of the younger boy’s face. “What’s—“

Regulus shakes his head. “No. No nothing. I uh—I just—I remembered I have an assignment due so I have to…” he starts moving, doesn’t wait for Remus to respond, practically jogging towards the door.

He doesn’t know where Sirius and Evan are. Doesn’t look for them. Pushing himself through the crowded bar until he’s tumbling out into the dark. His legs shake underneath him, head swimming as he starts walking. He needs to move. He needs to go. He needs to get away from here.

What is wrong with him?

What the hell is wrong with him?

Why can’t he do anything normally?

He wraps his arms around himself, hurtling through the night. He doesn’t even really know where he’s going. Words on a loop in his head.

Fuckup. Fuckup. Fuckup. Fuckup.

Fuckup. Fuckup. Fuckup.

Fuckup. Fuckup.

Fuckup.

Fuc

      k

        u

          p

 
Notes:

    **French: "Really Regulus, what's going on?" "Star, tell me." "We'll talk about it later, no secrets okay? We don't have to do that here."

    Hello beautiful people!

    I don't why one of them always has to be drunk for them to kiss, but I just feel like these two would never figure it out otherwise.

    School is really kicking my butt and my head feels like mush but there's some good moments in this one aren't there? I feel like there are. It is hard to tell at this point. I am excited for the chaos that will be James and Regulus though

    And also Lily and Mary, those lovely ladies are gonna be coming into the picture real soon!

    I also think Barty's going to have a chapter so that's fun!

    Alright, sorry, rambling,

    Hope you are all having a wonderful evening/morning/afternoon/time hopefully the next update will be soon!

Chapter 9
Summary:

    "I don't want to close my eyes"

Notes:

    tw self-harm

    tw real low-key sexual content

    (I think that's it, please let me know if I'm wrong)

    Also I've mentioned this before but the "Frozen Four" is the college hockey championship (just incase you forgot)

    ** French in the end notes :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

James is five when he meets Sirius Black for the first time.

 

They’re the same height, Sirius’s hair short, curling a little at his temples, grey eyes intense. He smiles a lot, but not in a friendly way. In a “I’m about to put something in your hair” kind of way.

James likes him immediately.

There’s no real moment they become friends. James can’t even remember telling Sirius his name. Or saying “hi” for the first time. It’s like the minute they’re put in the same room they’re drawn to one another. Sitting next to each other like it’s the most natural thing in the world. They don’t need to become friends. They just are.

James Potter didn’t realize he was lonely until the day he met Sirius Black.

Didn’t realize what it meant to be known and not just seen.

Loved and not just liked.

They’re five. But when James tells his mum him and Sirius will be best friends forever he means it.  

It’s a long time before James realizes that Sirius’s parents never come to their games. Or practices. Never pick him up or drop him off. Sirius has a nanny for that. It takes James even longer to wonder why they never have playdates at Sirius’s house. Or why Sirius never has a birthday party.

 

James is twelve the first time he sees Sirius cry.

 

They lost the game. Sirius barely taking off his gear before disappearing into the washroom. James showers, changes, sits on the bench and waits. And waits. The locker room empties out and still Sirius doesn’t come back.

So James goes looking for him.

“Sirius?” his voice echoes, bouncing off the tile floors and porcelain sinks. He can hear the tap running before he rounds the corner and sees it. He’s not sure why he stops exactly. Why he doesn’t just walk up to Sirius like he normally would. Except that somehow, he knows. The minute he steps into the room, he knows.

Something is wrong.

Sirius has his back to him. He’s in a t-shirt and gym shorts, his hair wet with sweat as he curls over the sink scrubbing. At first James thinks maybe he’s washing something, but he isn’t. Well. Other than his hands.

“I think they’re clean dude,” James isn’t sure how long he’s been standing there, but it feels like a while. Enough time that Sirius should have stopped. The dark haired boy doesn’t respond. Doesn’t look over his shoulder. He just keeps scrubbing.

James takes a cautious step forward, something nervous starting to build in his stomach. “Sirius?”

Finally Sirius reacts, shaking his head, eyes not lifting from the sink.

“I’m sorry,” his voice thick. “I’m sorry, I thought I could stop the puck. I don’t know how it got past me. I should have seen him coming. I should have been faster.”

James blinks, trying to understand the words as they come flying out of Sirius’s mouth, messy and running into one another, slightly muffled by the sound of the running tap.

“Sirius it’s fine,” he manages finally. “What are you doing? What’s got on your hands?” he still can’t really see them from where he’s standing.

Sirius ignores the question. 

“It isn’t. We lost. We lost and it’s my fault.”

James’s mouth falls open. “What?” Because that’s a ridiculous thing to say. “No it wasn’t.”

“It was. I wasn’t good enough. I’m never good enough.” The last few words are muttered, almost under his breath, like he isn’t talking to James at all. 

James finds himself moving forward again, nearly next to Sirius now. “You did what you could okay? None of us were in top form tonight. It’s fine. We’ll win the next one.”

But Sirius only shakes his head. “I keep messing everything up.”

James feels scared. This isn’t like Sirius. Sirius is bigger than life. Sirius is loud and boisterous and bold. James is a little obsessed with it if he’s honest. He doesn’t know what’s going on. Doesn’t know how to fix this. All he can think is—

“Dude, you can stop washing your hands,” which is when he looks at them again. In clear view now. They’re raw, bright red, little bits of blood blooming in some places before being scrubbed away. “Oh my god, Sirius stop!”

He grabs Sirius’s wrists, his friend going stiff, and for a moment James thinks he’s going to fight him, but as soon as their eyes meet he feels Sirius deflate, letting James pull him away from the sink, tap still running. Water splashing on the floor. For a moment the two boys just stand in the middle of the washroom, staring at one another, the sound of running water in the background.

“Jeez Sirius,” James hisses, he’s gentle as he inspects his friend’s hands, the blood not washing away now. It looks like he’s been dragging them across concrete.

“It’s fine. I’ll bandage them. I can still play. I’ve done it before.”

James blinks, trying to keep up. “I don’t care about hockey.”

Sirius snorts, and the only reason James doesn’t punch him is because he’s so glad to find something familiar in the face in front of him.

“Sure you don’t.”

James rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean. I don’t care about it more than I care about you.”

Something flickers across Sirius’s face before it goes blank. “I’m fine.”

It’s James’s turn to snort now. “What happened?”

Sirius pulls away, shoving his hands in the pockets of his shorts. James doesn’t know how he manages it without wincing. “Nothing.”

“Did it happen during the game or…?”

Sirius looks at him incredulously. “Did what happen during the game?”

“Your hands?” because he can’t think of when else they would have gotten hurt. Though admittedly he’s never seen a hockey injury like this before. I mean they wear gloves for a reason.

Sirius just keeps staring at him, a little bit in awe, a little bit like he thinks James might be the stupidest person he’s ever met. Eventually his eyes flick back to the sink.

“Can you turn that off?” he mutters, voice rough.

James blinks. “What?”

“The sink. Can you…” Sirius’s voice sort of wobbles and James hates it. He’s never seen Sirius sad before. Not properly. Not like this. He never wants it to happen again.

“Ok,” he says, walking over and turning it off. When the tap stops running he swears he hears Sirius sigh behind him. And for whatever reason, as he watches the last of the water run down the drain, James finally understands.

He turns back around, finds his best friend with his eyes on the floor, face pale, hands still hiding in his pockets.

“There wasn’t an injury,” James says slowly.

Sirius grimaces, voice bitter; “No.”

A short pause.

“You did that to yourself?”

“Yes.”

“Oh.”

Sirius laughs dryly. “Oh.”

James feels lost. He wants to go get his mum, she’ll know what to do. She always does. She’s brilliant, especially at making people feel better. But he doesn’t think Sirius wants that right now.

“Why?” James finally asks.

He can see Sirius grinding his teeth. Chewing on his words. Still looking away. “Because I’m never good enough,” the words are barely audible, Sirius closing his eyes when he says them. “Never smart enough, never nice enough, never clean enough. I just wanted it off. I just needed to get it off.”

The nervous feeling from before is back, it runs through James, making him shiver. “You needed what off?”

“My skin. It was too tight. Too dirty. I wanted it to stop touching me.”

“Sirius—“

“She hates me you know.”

James’s brow furrows as he desperately tries to keep up. “Who hates you?”

“My mom,” voice cold. “She says I’m not good at anything. But I told her she was wrong. Because I’m good at this. I’m good here,” his lower lip trembles, and when he opens his eyes they’re wet. “Except I’m not am I? Can’t even get this stupid game right. I hate it. I hate—“ his voice breaks, tears slipping out of his eyes that he hastily tries to scrub away.

James doesn’t think. He just moves. Closing the space between them and wrapping Sirius in his arms. The other boy doesn’t fight him. Doesn’t pull away again. Just collapses into him.

“Don’t tell the guys I cried,” Sirius sniffles eventually. “They’ll never let me hear the end of it.”

“I won’t,” James promises, because he never would. “It’s okay though. To cry. I don’t mind. I won’t say anything I promise.”

Sirius lets out a wet laugh. “I know.”

James tries to figure out what to say, because he feels like he needs to say something. He wants to. But he still isn’t sure he really understands what’s going on. And he doesn’t want to make things worse.

“You’re my favourite person,” he manages eventually, holding Sirius a little closer. “Everything is better with you. Everything. Because you’re my best friend and I always want to be around you, okay? Always.”

James thinks he hears Sirius’s breath hitch, and there’s a long pause before either of them speak again. But then, quietly, Sirius whispers:

“Thank you.” 

 

 

James feels like someone has taken a hammer to his head. There is a nauseating ache just behind his eyes and he reckons there’s a good chance that whatever is left in his stomach is going to be coming up when he opens them.

Past him is a dick.

The bastard could have at least had some water, Jesus Christ.

It takes a few more minutes of lying in bed, cursing himself, before he registers the warm weight on his chest. The very human weight.

Oh fuck.

Oh fuck what did he do?

Carefully, and not without wincing, James cracks his eyes open, the blurry room coming into focus.

“Oh thank God,” he murmurs.

It's Sirius’s room.

Sirius’s heavy lifeless body crushing him. He's always been a cuddler. James’s hand goes automatically to his friend's head, holding him. You have to be careful with Sirius, because he’s never careful with himself.   

“You’re awake.”

James starts, turning towards the third occupant of the bed. He arches his brow.

“Threesome?”

Remus rolls his eyes. His blond hair is mussed, the imprints of the sheets crisscrossing his face. “He insisted we sleep in his bed,” he gestures to the still unconscious Sirius. “I promise, if I could have avoided it I would have,” he wrinkles his noise. “You two smell like sick.”

“Hey!” he’s right though, they do smell. Sirius grumbles unhappily, probably at the noise, nuzzling against James’s chest. James rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah you big baby,” he mutters, looking up and catching Remus watching them, a complicated expression on his face.

“Remus?” but he isn’t looking at James really, so he doesn’t notice. James wonders what it is that his friend is seeing. Maybe he’s just hungover too. He can’t remember how much Remus had to drink. He can’t even remember how much he had to drink. He grimaces at the acidic taste of tequila still lurking at the back of his throat.

“We should get up,” Remus says finally, shaking himself a little. “Let him sleep.”

Sirius could sleep through a rock concert, but James doesn’t point that out, just somewhat indelicately extracts himself from the octopus who is his best friend. Sirius makes an unhappy noise before wrapping himself around a pillow. James considers taking a picture or drawing something on his face, but he is decidedly too tired for either.

Sirius’s room is freakishly neat in James’s opinion. It’s unnerving, since it doesn’t match his personality whatsoever. When he stays over at James’s house he’s the same way, always making the bed and folding his clothes. At first James thought it was just to get on his parents' good side, which honestly, he needn’t have bothered, James is pretty sure his mum fell in love with Sirius the first time she met him. But he kept doing it even when they went away to school. James asked him about it once but Sirius got all weird and touchy and then changed the subject. So James let it go. He assumes, like most things about Sirius that seem a little off, that it has to do with Walburga.

 

 

It’s honestly a miracle he makes it into the kitchen, Remus already there, coffeemaker on. James eases himself into one of the chairs at the table, clutching his head and closing his eyes.

“I am never drinking again.”

No response. He doesn’t think Remus is looking at him. Probably for the best. There is a persistent feeling of nausea hovering over James that is making him sweat, and he is almost positive the only reason he isn’t currently being sick is that there’s nothing left in his stomach.

“Here.”

He looks up as Remus takes the seat across from him, pushing a glass of water in James’s direction. He gives him a weak smile.

“Thanks.”

He basically downs the whole thing in one gulp and without a word Remus gets up and refills it.

“I can get my own water you know. I'm not that fucked up,” though James's hands shake a little as he takes the glass from Remus.

His friend gives him a skeptical look. “Can you?”

Which…fair.

James doesn’t feel like admitting to that though, so instead he drinks some more before slumping back in his chair. “I feel like shit.”

“Mmm,” Remus says, sipping his coffee. “Look like it too.”

James scowls, giving Remus the finger, causing the other boy to laugh. He honestly doesn’t think he’s been this hungover since he was seventeen and Sirius bought them a bottle of birthday cake flavoured vodka.

Oh no.

Bad time to think about birthday cake flavoured vodka.

His stomach gives a threatening lurch, and James curls over slightly.

“Hey! No vomiting in my kitchen!” Remus nudges his foot under the table. “The bathroom is like five steps away.”

“I’m fine,” James grumbles.

“I don’t know what you just said, but you’re turning green. Go to the bathroom. Because I'm not cleaning up your sick.”

James rolls his eyes.

I said I’m fine, he signs.   

Remus gives him a flat look. Did I mention you’re green?

New look. Brings out the colour of my eyes. He bats them at Remus for emphasis.

The other boy only shakes his head. Idiot.

James doesn’t bother trying to argue that point. For a minute they just sit there, Remus drinking his coffee, James attempting to stay upright. Only one of them is succeeding.

Have you talked to Pete lately? Remus signs eventually, taking James completely off guard.

“Er—no? Well, at practice I guess, but only on the ice.”

He can’t exactly ignore his goalie, though he’s certainly trying.

Remus gives him a look.

He knows that look. Usually it’s the look Remus gives Sirius when he’s being particularly stupid. He does not appreciate being on the receiving end of it.

You should talk to him.   

James frowns. About?

James.

Remus.

Remus rolls his eyes. So what? We’re just never going to speak to him again?

You can do whatever you like.

Remus doesn’t look at all impressed by this answer. He’s our friend.

James shakes his head, leaning forward across the table. He fucking betrayed us.

He made a mistake.

Someone could have died!

And that’s all on him is it? Come on James, that’s not fair.

You don’t get it. 

Remus arches his brow. Why? you do remember I played hockey too once?

It’s funny how Remus is able to communicate tone without speaking. James doesn’t even think he knows he’s doing it, probably wouldn’t really understand James if he brought it up. But it’s in his face. His eyes. James can hear it when he signs.

Dismissive.

Hockey is a game. James does know that, believe it or not. But it’s also his whole life. Everything important to him has always been wrapped up in it.

He runs a hand over his face, and then: I’m the captain.

Remus gives him a quizzical look, I know.

But he doesn’t. Not really. He never got into it like the rest of them. Never loved it like the rest of them.

It’s my responsibility to take care of the team.

James—

But he holds up his hand to stop him and Remus listens.

It is. It’s my responsibility to make sure we’re all together, on the ice and off the ice. And I’m…struggling. He winces as he signs it, hates admitting it, hates how it feels. He’s supposed to be good at this. Supposed to be the kind of person who leads people. Like his dad. This should come naturally to him.

I pissed a lot of the older guys off first year.

Remus nods slowly, still looking a little lost. Because of what happened with Pete?

James doesn’t really like to think about it. Mostly because he knows he messed up. That he let Peter down. Let them force him to drink from that cup. Let them do everything that came after.

“Yeah,” his voice is rough. A lot of those guys are gone but some of them aren’t. And they don’t like me.

So there are douchebags on the hockey team, I don’t think that’s exactly a surprise, Remus grimaces. No offence.

James shakes his head. Remus, I’m the captain. I can’t— he stops, hands stilling, not able to translate the words. I don’t get to not like people on the team. We’re divided in that locker room and that’s my fault. I have to fix it and I’m failing. And the person who was supposed to have my back. Who I was supposed to be able to trust to fucking help me, went and blew it all up!

Remus is just watching him, a thoughtful expression on his face. James does his best to think through the headache steadily growing stronger behind his eyes. Does his best to make himself make sense. I know that for you this is like…kids stuff. But this is my future. And we could have lost the team. I could have lost my spot in the NHL and fucking Rosy… Something interesting that James has learned since meeting Remus. Is that hands can stutter. And shake. And fail. Just like voices. He was so cold Remus. On that roof. He was so cold and I really thought…He shakes his head trying to stop himself from actually seeing it. He’s had nightmares once or twice since that night. He’s always shivering in them. 

Peter did that, he goes on eventually. To Rosy. To our team. To me. He did that and I can’t just forget about it. Because I don’t understand how he could. I don’t understand how someone who isn’t a complete piece of shit could do that.

Those words take up space, and after a moment Remus gets up, filling James’s glass with water again before he sits back down, pushing it towards him. “Drink. You look like you’re gonna pass out.”

James scoffs. “I told you, I’m fine.”

“Uh-huh.”

After a few moments of intense staring James breaks. He does, annoyingly, feel like he might pass out.

Remus leans forward. When I say this, he starts. I want you to know that I say it with love.

James makes a face. “That makes me feel like you’re going to yell at me. Are you going to yell at me? Because I’m too hungover for yelling Remus. I’ll just puke all my emotions up on you. Is that what you want?”

Remus’s nose wrinkles. Okay, gross. Also shut-up.

“Okay.” James clutches his water, curling over it like some kind of pathetic alcohol gremlin.

Have you considered, Remus goes on. That this actually isn’t about you?

James blinks. “Er—what do you mean?”

Remus gives him a patient smile. Peter went through something first year, and I don’t think he’s ever really… Remus waves his hand around looking for the word. Dealt with it. Then, looking James up and down in a way that makes him squirm. I’m not sure any of you have. So maybe, instead of looking at this like some big betrayal of you, consider that this was his way of…trying to…get past this.

James just stares at him. “By doing it to someone else?”

Come on Rosy.

Wake up.

Wake up.

Wake up.

No, Remus goes on. By giving himself back some of the control. I don’t think he wanted to hurt anyone James, come on. It’s Peter.

“How could he not have known Remus? How could he not have known how this would go?”

Remus gives him a sad look. Maybe he thought it would be different this time around? Maybe he thought he could stop it?

It isn’t that James doesn’t want to believe him. He does, of course he does. He’s been friends with Peter basically as long as he can remember. But he can’t get Mulciber’s voice out of his head.

The drugs were Pettigrew’s idea.

“What if you’re wrong?” James asks finally, fingers curling around his glass. “What if he did want to hurt someone?”

Remus’s face scrunches up. You don’t believe that.

“Mulciber said—“

“Oh don’t you fucking start!”

James nearly falls out of his chair he’s so unprepared for Remus’s voice—which, as usual, is slightly louder than he probably means for it to be.

“Since when did we all start listening to Nicolai Mulciber? Jesus Christ.”

“We?” James asks confused, but Remus ignores him.

“Instead of listening to some asshole who wants to see you fall apart, why don’t you talk to the person you’ve known since you were four-goddamn-years-old?”

James blinks, not quite sure what to say. “Okay,” is what he goes with eventually.

“Okay?”

“Yes, okay, I’ll talk to him, just stop being angry at me.” James closes his eyes, bringing his hands up and massaging his temples. His headache is not improving and he wonders whether or not banging his skull against the table will help. If he can fix this hangover the same way his dad fixes the TV.

“Good,” Remus says, looking obnoxiously smug. “Cause he’s coming over for breakfast.”

James freezes.

“What?”

Remus looks at the clock on the stove and then back at James. “He’ll be here in thirty minutes,” he gives James another once over, wrinkling his nose. “You should shower. I’m not gonna be able to enjoy my pancakes if I have to smell you the whole time.”

James is too stuck on the whole “Peter is coming over” situation to be properly offended by that.

“Remus—“

You said you would talk to him, he signs stubbornly. Remus is very good at communicating stubbornness.

Not right now!

Technically it’s not right now. It’s in thirty minutes.

"I—"

Look, he’s coming over. And given the state you’re in there’s no way you’re gonna be able to make a run for it. So cowboy the fuck up, go take a shower, and use your words for once.

James scowls at him but Remus is entirely unmoved, staring at him flatly over the top of his mug. Eventually, James gives up.

“You’re an asshole.”

“Love you too.”

James gives him the finger as he drags himself out of his chair and towards the bathroom, listening to Remus laughing behind him as he goes. The bastard. 

 

 

James loves breakfast—pancakes, waffles, french toast—it’s hands down his favourite meal. He will never forgive Remus for ruining it. Surely they could have had this conversation over lunch? Or dinner? Coffee? Why’d they have to sacrifice breakfast? 

Somehow Remus has managed to drag Sirius out of bed by the time James is done in the shower, basically shoving Sirius in there after him. Twenty minutes later they’re both still damp, sitting grumpily at the small kitchen table with Peter and Remus across from them. No one is eating. The pancakes going to waste. A tragedy, as far as James is concerned.

“Well this is fun,” Sirius grumbles beside him, making James snort. “Ow!” Sirius reaches for his shin, glaring at Remus who almost definitely just kicked him under the table.

Peter is sitting as low down in his chair as he possibly can without being under the table. James has seen Peter since everything happened, but he’s not sure if he’s actually looked at him—blond hair messy, hanging in his eyes, a very patchy stubble across his jaw which just looks out of place. He’s wearing his team sweatshirt, a stain near the collar.

After a few more seconds of tense silence James sighs. “Listen, Pete, you wanna be friends with Nick that’s really none of my business.”

“The fuck it isn’t—ow!” Sirius might actually growl at Remus this time.

Peter is watching James, something desperate in his eyes, and James hates it. He’s never wanted to be adored. And Peter has always been just a little too close to that for his comfort. Even after all these years. It doesn’t bother Sirius as much. But it always leaves James uneasy, like he has too much power in this friendship.

“But I—” he spreads his hands out on the table, palms up. “I needed you up on that roof. And you…weren’t there.”

Peter flinches.

“You have any idea how that felt? I mean, after everything?”

“I’m sorry,” voice cracking. “I know. I’m sorry. I just—I froze.”

James watches him, pale faced and wide-eyed. It doesn’t look like he’s been sleeping very well. “The thing is,” James has to clear his throat. “The thing is, I don’t know if I believe you.”

Fear flashes across Peter’s face. “James I swear—“

“I’ve seen you under pressure Pete,” James pushes on. “I mean, you’re a goalie for fuck’s sake. I don’t think you froze. I think you were trying to find a way to keep your new friends.”

It’s there, only for a second, maybe even less, but it is there. In the corner of Peter’s eyes. His mouth. Not just fear.

Guilt.

“No I—“

“And the fact that that was even a choice—even a thing you had to think about—that not pissing them off was more important to you than Rosy-”

“James I swear!” Peter is sitting up now, practically reaching across the table. “I just didn’t know what to do, that’s all. It happened so fast and I just didn’t know what to do.”

“How could you not know what to do?” he does his best to keep his voice even, to stay calm, but it’s hard. “Someone is hurt you help them. That’s what you do.”

Peter gives him a miserable look. “It’s not that simple.”

“Yes. It is. It is that simple. And if you can’t understand that then…then I don’t know how we can be friends.”

It’s shock at first, and then he watches as Peter’s face starts to crumple and he has to look away. It isn’t fair that he’s the one who feels like the bad guy. He didn’t want this.

“Okay, maybe we need to just take a breath,” Remus says, eyes bouncing between the pair of them.

But James doesn’t want to stop. He just wants to get this over with. Rip the band-aid off.

He looks back at Peter. “Did you drug him?”

“Wait what?” Remus demands, Sirius sitting forward too, eyes intent on James. But James doesn’t look anywhere but at Peter. The other boy starts to squirm, actual sweat on his brow.

James can see Remus signing to Sirius out of the corner of his eye, asking again: Drugs? Is that right? Did I read that right? What drugs? 

I don’t know.

“I didn’t—it wasn’t like that,” Peter manages finally, voice delicate. “James come on, you know I wouldn’t!”

“No,” James says firmly. “No you don’t get to pull that you know me bullshit. The Pete I know would have fucking called 911!”

Peter swallows, collapsing in on himself. “I know,” he says weakly. “I know. I’m sorry.” He looks small and James watches Remus reach out and squeeze his arm.

“Did you drug him?”

Peter squeezes his eyes shut. “I didn’t think it would be like that.”

Sirius lets out a low whistle, sitting back in his seat. “Holy shit Pete.”

James just stares at his friend, letting the anger run its course. Keeping still. Quiet. Not trusting himself to do anything but sit there. He flexes his hands on the table to keep them from curling into fists.

“What did you think it would be like?” he asks coldly. Maybe he should have given himself a few more seconds.

Peter flinches. “It was supposed to be funny.”

“Funny.” The word is so sharp it cuts James’s mouth on the way out. “Was it funny when it happened to you?”

Peter’s eyes flash open, and for the first time James sees something defiant in them. “I don’t know. Was it?”

There’s an accusation in there, James feels it like a rock in his stomach. A check to his chest. The air leaving his lungs.

“Holy shit Pete,” Sirius repeats.

James doesn’t drop his gaze. Not once. Even when it hurts.

“No,” he manages finally. “It wasn’t.”

Peter nods slowly, and for a moment none of them speak. Because what do you say after that?

It’s Peter who breaks the silence eventually.

“I don’t know what you want me to do James. I’m sorry. I did the wrong thing. I know I did. I didn’t want anyone to get hurt. Not Rosy,” he pauses, and then, in a smaller voice, “Not you. I fucked up. So…what? Is that it now? One mistake and we’re just—“ voice cutting itself off, eyes blinking away the dampness. “And you’re just never going to speak to me again?”

Even hearing Peter say it, it sounds ridiculous. The idea that he could ever remove Peter from his life. Half the time James is certain he is made up of the three men sitting at the table with him. That he wouldn’t exist without them.

“No,” James manages finally, which sparks something like hope in Peter’s eyes. “But I’m going to need some more time before I can just go back to being…normal.”

Peter nods frantically. “Okay. That’s okay. That’s good I—James I—I’m so sorry, I never meant for this to happen. I’ve—I’ve…missed you.” His cheeks instantly pink at that. 

“Yeah Pete,” James lets out a breath. “Yeah, I’ve missed you too.” The other boy gives him a shaky smile, perhaps preemptively. “But I need you to do something, if we’re going to get over this, I need you to do something for me.”

“Anything, of course.”

James swallows, fiddling with his fork. “I need you to tell Rosy.” All the hope instantly drains from Peter’s face. “I need you to tell him the truth about what happened. And if he decides he wants to go to someone—coach, the cops—then I need you to back him up.”

The silence returns. Peter just staring at him, eyes wide. Fearful.

“I could get kicked off the team,” he whispers.

And James understands, he really does, why that matters so much. Understands how hard Peter has fought to be here. How much of his life has lead to this. James gets it. But he can’t forget what it was like, staring at Evan on that rooftop, the 911 operator in his ear, feeling certain this kid was never going to wake up. This kid he was supposed to be taking care of. Protecting. Leading. Can’t forget what it had been like, riding in that ambulance.

“I know,” James manages finally.

Because he does.

But that doesn’t change what happened.

There’s another long moment of silence before Peter lets out a shaky exhale. “Okay.”

“You’ll tell him?” because James needs to hear him say it. Needs to be certain.

He watches Peter’s throat work. “Yeah,” he manages eventually, voice rough. “I’ll tell him.”

James nods. “Thank you.”

He feels some part of him relax for the first time in weeks. Since he’d walked out of his interview with the cops. He’d told them about the drugs. But not about Peter. He couldn’t. Even when he knew it was the right thing to do it still felt like a betrayal.

“Does this mean we can eat now?” Sirius asks eventually.

James can’t help laughing.

“Honestly Sirius,” Remus rolls his eyes, though James thinks he catches the hint of a smile.

“I hope so,” Peter says, looking sheepish. “I’m starving.”

Still none of them move. Like they’re waiting for him.

James tries to smile. “Well, lets fucking eat then.”

And it isn’t exactly normal. Isn’t fixed. But it’s better. But it’s healing.

 

 

Sirius is soaking wet and standing on James’s doorstep. For a moment the two boys just stare at one another. It’s dark out, almost midnight. James’s parents asleep upstairs. And James is trying to figure out whether or not he’s dreaming. Because what is Sirius doing here? Wet hair plastered to his face, hockey bag thrown over his shoulder.

“Hey,” Sirius says finally, waking James up.

“Shit, sorry, get in here,” he reaches out, grabbing hold of Sirius’s arm and pulling him into the house, closing the door behind them.

“Sorry,” Sirius says, teeth chattering. “I didn’t know where to go.”

James doesn’t know what’s going on but it doesn’t matter. “Here,” he says as he takes the heavy bag from Sirius, dropping it on the floor. “You come here. Always. Of course.”

Sirius gives him a shaky smile. Literally. He’s shaking.

“Jesus, did you walk here?” without thinking James starts rubbing Sirius’s arms, trying to warm him up.

“Forgot my wallet.”

It’s not until that moment that it really hits James how wrong this is. Sirius here. Like this. No call. No jacket. No wallet. 

“Okay,” he says. “Okay, come on, you can get in the shower while I find you some clothes.”

Sirius nods numbly, letting James drag him up the stairs, shoving him towards the bathroom. He finds a clean pair of sweats and a hoody that he thinks should fit Sirius, leaving them on the counter just inside the door. And then James finds himself standing in the middle of his bedroom, brain buzzing with thoughts but also somehow empty. He’s not really sure what to do next.

The last time he saw Sirius, which was at practice, everything was good. Both of them had just been offered spots at one of the best hockey programs in the country. Honestly things had been better than good. So why was Sirius showing up on his doorstep in the middle of the night with nothing but his hockey gear?

By the time Sirius is finished James is sitting on his bed, waiting. Sirius’s hair is just long enough now that it’s starting to curl a little. James knows that his mom wants him to cut it. That they've been fighting about it.

Sirius looks sheepish as he shuffles into the room, sitting down on the bed next to James. There’s a long moment of silence before Sirius exhales.

“Sorry.”

“Stop it,” James says. “Stop apologizing, you know you don’t have to. Not with me.”

A dry smile pulls at the corner of Sirius’s mouth. “You’re too nice Prongs, I’ve always said it.”

James rolls his eyes. “Yeah well, that’s why I have you isn’t it?”

A sad laugh tumbles out of Sirius's mouth as he looks down, “Yeah, that’s why you have me.”

James follows his gaze and lets out a hiss. Sirius’s hands are scrubbed raw, skin pink and peeling. For a moment James wonders if that’s what he was doing in the bathroom, but no. This is older.

“Sirius,” he whispers. Sirius flinches when James reaches for his hands but doesn’t pull away. James holds them softly, like he’s trying to heal them. He’s seen Sirius like this once or twice now, but it never gets easier.

“Sirius,” James repeats, looking up at his friend who still has his eyes trained on his hands. “What happened?”

Sirius’s face scrunches, eyes damp. “I can’t go back there,” the words sound like they barely make it out of his mouth. “Please don’t make me go back there.”

James shakes his head, letting go of Sirius’s hands so that he can wrap his arms around him.

“I won’t,” James swears against the other boy’s temple. “I promise I won’t.”

And he doesn’t.

 

 

“Hey dad,” James holds the phone up to his ear as he makes his way across campus. “What’s up?”

The trees are all orange and red, the colours at their brightest, looking almost burnt around the edges. It's pretty, especially when the sun shines through them. There are groups of people spread out on the lawns and crowding the sidewalks, some nodding and waving at James as he walks by.

“Just checking in, wanted to see how you're doing?” Fleamont says easily. “Your mother isn’t the only one who can use a phone you know.”

“Uh-huh,” James laughs, moving out of the way of an incoming bike. “Well, I’d be doing better if we were winning more games.”

Fleamont scoffs. “Please, it’s still early days, the beginning of the season barely counts.”

“Oh yeah? Maybe you should tell Moody that.”

“He giving you a hard time?” Moody and Fleamont are old friends, used to play together back when they were both at Godric, won the Frozen Four.

“No harder a time than you would.”

“Hey!” his father says outraged. “Is that anyway to talk to the man who took you out for pizza after every game?”

James laughs. “You say that like you didn't also want pizza.”

“Never mind, I take it back, Moody isn't being hard enough on you,” James can practically hear him smiling through the phone. He can picture him in his office, top button of his dress shirt undone, hair a disaster, glasses lost. Something about the image feels safe. Familiar. James holds onto it.

“Listen, the team is strong James,” Fleamont goes on. “All the parts are there, they just need someone to bring them together.”

“Yeah well,” James maneuvers his way around a large group of first years. “You find him you let me know.”

“I’m talking to him.”

“Dad—“

“Don’t dad me, you’re a hell of a captain James, you always have been. Certainly better than I ever was. You’ll figure it out, I have no doubt.”

James’s parents are mushy. The Potters not a family who are sparing in their affections—physical or otherwise. It took Sirius some getting used to, that’s for sure. So it shouldn’t really affect James, hearing his dad talk like this. It’s nothing new. But still emotion crawls up his throat. The thing is, he’s grown-up on the stories of his dad’s college days. Of them winning the championship. He’s watched old footage of the games again and again and again. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that his father is his hero.  

“Thanks,” he manages finally. 

“Of course. I miss watching you on the ice, these NHL players don’t have anything on you.”

James rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, okay. Laying it on a little thick now.”

“I’m serious!”

“I’m so glad Sirius didn’t hear you say that.”

Fleamont laughs, it's a deep noise, a little scratchy. “Yeah, me too. I honestly thought I’d trained that word out of my vocabulary. How’s he doing anyway?”

“Okay I think,” James screws up his face. If he’s being honest, Sirius has seemed a little off lately, but James has been waiting for Sirius to come to him. It’s usually better that way. “Y’know, he’s Sirius, it’s hard to get a read on him sometimes but…I think he’s fine.” 

“Has it been hard for him? Me and your mom were a little worried it might be.”

James’s brow furrows. “Has what been hard for him?”

“Having Regulus there?”

“Hey Reg? Hey? Hey?”

James comes to an abrupt stop in the middle of the road, feeling like he’s just run straight into a brick wall.

“What?"

“You’re mad! Again!”

“I’m not mad.”

“Regulus? His brother? What’d you hit your head at practice or something?” his father laughs but he sounds far away. 

“I don’t know you.”

“Glad we can agree on something.”

“I don’t know you, but I want to. I dream about you.”

“Oh my god.”

“James?”

“Can you just—can you—can you come here?”

“James.”   

“Shh, shh, just—“

James closes his eyes and silently prays for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He is vaguely aware that he is still on the phone with his dad, but at the moment he is being assaulted by too many blurry drunk memories to care.

“Okay you’re really starting to freak me out kid,” his father’s voice comes through. “What’s going on?”

James breathes out through his nose, doing his best to work words into his mouth that aren’t just profanities. “Nothing,” he manages finally, voice tight. “Sorry. Just forgot about an assignment I have due. I’ll call you back okay?”

The minute he hangs up the phone James collapses onto the curb, head dropping between his knees as he tries to breathe.

He kissed Regulus.

He KISSED him.

“Oh my god,” he moans again, hands coming up to cover his face, like that will stop his mind from replaying the moment over and over again. This is—this is—fuck—he doesn’t even know what this is.

Sirius will never forgive him.

Regulus will never forgive him.

Rosy is definitely going to beat the shit out of him.

His hands pull at his hair as he curls further over his knees. Like being closer to the ground is gonna help. He might actually be sick—his insides a big squiggly mess of feelings he can’t untangle. He’s never wanted to kiss a boy before. Not really. And shouldn’t he have? I mean, shit, he’s almost twenty-one, isn’t this something he should have figured out by now?

He could tell himself it was the alcohol but he knows it wasn’t. He’s been thinking about Regulus for weeks. Maybe since the first day. With his big grey eyes, standing there in James’s room giving him shit. Slipping under his skin. Refusing to leave. Building a home. James hasn’t been able to get him out of his head all semester.

“Fuck,” he hisses at the road.

“James?”

The universe is actually having a laugh. 

“This cannot be happening to me,” he mutters into his knees. Because he knows whose voice that is. Doesn't even need to look up.  

“Wow,” says Lily, not sounding the least bit deterred. “Rude.” She plops down next to him on the sidewalk, their legs pressing together. “You wanna tell me why you’re having a breakdown in the middle of campus?”

“No,” he says miserably. “Can’t you just ignore me like a regular ex-girlfriend?” 

“Too late for that bucko.”

 “Bucko?” he turns his face towards her. “Really?”

She smiles. “Aw look, there you are,” reaching out and straightening his glasses. “Now what the hell is going on?”

James shakes his head. He doesn't know if he’s ever going to tell anyone what he did in that bathroom, but he does know that he's sure as hell not going to tell Lily. “This is not a conversation we can have.”

Lily pouts.

“Oi!” he jabs his finger at her. “None of that.”

Her lower lip trembles.

“I swear Evans, I’m not playing here. This...you don't want to know this.”

“I don't?”

“No. Trust me.”

She considers him. “Will you give me a hint?”

James groans, looking up at the sky. “I don’t know what I did to deserve this.”

“Are you talking to God? Is that what this is about? Have you found the Lord? Are you pals with Jesus now?”

James can’t help it, he laughs, looking back at her. “You’re a menace.”

“Okay, alright, fine,” she holds her hands up in surrender. “You don’t have to tell me.”

“Thank you.”

“But I can’t just leave you here.”

James sighs, running a hand over his face. There are one or two people giving them weird looks as they walk by, but luckily breakdowns are a dime a dozen on college campuses, so no one’s really paying that much attention.

“It’s nothing I’m just…” he laughs ruefully. “Messing everything up.”

“Ah,” Lily says knowledgeably. “Got it.”

“Yeah,” James leans into her. It’s habit by now. If Lily minds she doesn’t say.

“And you just randomly came to this realization in the middle of the street?”

James snorts. “No, I was talking to my dad.”

“Monty!” Lily says excitedly. “Oh my gosh how is he?”

“He’s fine,” James wrinkles his nose. “Still weird that you like him better than me.”

Lily scoffs, batting his words away with her hand. “Please, everyone likes him better than you.”

“Oi!”

“Did he ask about me?” she gives him her brattiest smile.

James rolls his eyes. “No.”

“Wow, what the heck Monty?” and then, slightly more seriously. “Is it cause we broke up?”

James feels his chest tighten at that. He presses further into her to reassure himself and she presses back.

“I hung up on him pretty fast, I’m sure he was about to ask,” he doesn’t know if he should say the next bit but, “I haven’t told them…about us.”

He isn’t sure what reaction he was expecting to that, but Lily just nods. “No, I haven’t told mine either,” she sighs. “My mum is going to be devastated. She loves you,” giving him an exaggerated once over. “God knows why.”

James laughs, elbowing her lightly in the side. “Yeah, mine’s going to be the same.”

“We’re just too damn likeable.”

“We are,” James agrees quietly. Their eyes meet, Lily’s bright and green, with little flecks of gold here and there. They feel warm. Something like home.

“Are we doing the right thing?” she asks after a few seconds, the humour completely gone from her voice. 

James gives her a weak smile, though it’s a bit harder to speak this time. “I think so?”

After a second of hesitating she smiles back. “Yeah,” she looks away, eyes skating across the road, hands gripping her knees. James has the urge to reach out to her, touch her, but he doesn’t. Not sure that that's his place anymore. 

“God,” she laughs a little. “I just realized this’ll be the first Christmas I don’t go to your parent’s party. I’m going to miss your mum’s cookies.”

James blinks. “What? Why wouldn’t you come?”

She gives him a look. “James.”

“You can still come. Dating me isn’t a prerequisite. Sirius is there every year and I’ve never dated him.”

“Debatable.”

James grimaces. That’s not exactly a joke he wants to be making right now, in the middle of his Regulus-black-sexual-awakening crisis. He sees the curious look in Lily’s eyes and presses on before she can ask him about it.

“Come, you have to. It’s tradition at this point.”

She stares back at him unconvinced, worrying her lower lip.

“Look, you can even bring a date or whatever,” though his heart twinges at that. “I just want you there okay? I mean…if you want to be.”

She arches her brow. “A date? There’s no way that wouldn’t be weird.”

James shrugs. “Yeah well, we’re kinda weird,” he knocks his shoulder against her’s. “C’mon, you don’t want to ruin Christmas do you?”

“Okay now you’re being a little dramatic.”

“Am not.”

She rolls her eyes, knocking his shoulder back. “Alright. I’ll come.”

He smiles. “Good.”

“Uh-huh,” she shakes her head, laughing a little. “We are weird.”

“Yeah, but in like, a good way. You know?”

“In a good way,” she smiles as she pulls out her phone, checking the time. “Listen, I told Mary I’d meet her in five,” she looks back up at him. “Are you going to be okay?”

“Oh yeah. Yeah I’m fine," probably a little too enthusiastically. "You go. Give Mary my love.”

She rolls her eyes as she gets to her feet. “Yeah, I will not be doing that,” she looks down at him and James does his best to pretend to be someone who isn’t a complete mess. After a second Lily presses a kiss to the top of his head.

“Whatever it is James,” she says softly. “It’ll be okay.”

He laughs because he can’t help it. Likely if she knew she wouldn’t be so optimistic.

“It will,” she squeezes his shoulder reassuringly. “I promise.”

He tries to smile. “Thanks.”

He stays sitting there for a long while after Lily leaves, feeling suddenly frozen, unsure of what to do. Normally he would go to Sirius. Talk it out. Ask for advice. But he can’t do that this time, can he? Because Regulus is his brother. His little brother. Sirius only just got him back, and James knows how much that means to him. How much Regulus means to him. And he’s about to fuck it all up.

“Shit,” he hisses, looking down at his hands.

He needs to fix this.

He has absolutely no idea how.

But he needs to.

For Sirius. 

 

 

“Je suis si heureux pour toi, vraiment.”

James is lying on his bed, Sirius in the identical one across from him, phone pressed to his ear. Knowing Sirius as long as he has he’s been able to pick up some French, but he’s still woefully far from being fluent in it. Unfortunate, considering how nosy he is.

“Tu me rappelleras après avoir parlé à maman, d'accord?”

James stares down at the book in front of him like he’s actually reading.

“D’accord…d’accord…bonne nuit étoile.”

Sirius sits up, legs swinging over the side of his bed as he smiles down at his phone. James is able to last about thirty seconds before his curiosity gets the better of him.

“Good news?”

Somehow Sirius’s smile manages to grow. “Yeah,” he says. “It was Reg.”

“Ah.” James had already figured that much out. The only people Sirius ever speaks to in French are his family, and he’s never once hung-up the phone with his mother smiling.

“He—uh—he came out to me.”

It takes James a pathetically long time to figure out what that means. He’s about to ask Sirius what exactly Regulus came out of when it finally clicks. “Oh.”

Sirius is biting down on his smile. “He said I was the first person he told,” the wonder in his voice is verging on adorable. “Me.”

“Yeah well, of course, you’re his brother.”

“I know but…” Sirius trails off. James doesn’t need him to explain. He knows how hard it’s been for him, to be so far away from Regulus. To not be able to take care of him. “I’m just glad he called me, you know?” he says finally.

“Yeah,” James says. “Yeah of course.”

“Hey, do you think Remus will let us bring him to Pride?”

James laughs. “Yeah I think he will.”

“Cool. That’d be cool right?”

“Very cool,” James bites down on his lips trying to hold back his own smile now. Sirius is still nodding.

“I think this’ll be good for him. He’s too—he’s too under their thumb you know? And I think this is like…him starting to be his own person.”

“Definitely,” James agrees, though he’s not sure he entirely understands.

Sirius looks back down at his phone, passing it between his hands. “I wish I was there. That he didn’t have to do this alone.”

“Do you think—will your parents…?” James isn’t entirely sure how to finish that sentence.

Sirius grimaces. “I don’t know, I don’t—I don’t think they’re going to be…great about it. I just hope they aren’t too hard on him.”

“He’ll be okay,” James says, not because he is at all sure that that’s true, but because he knows Sirius needs to hear it.

“Yeah,” Sirius says, more to himself than to James. “Yeah I’m sure you’re right.”

 

 

This is almost definitely a bad idea.

But that does not stop James from walking into the library. He doesn’t actually know that Regulus is here, but he figures there’s a pretty good chance, and there’s no way he’s going to Regulus’s room. Rosy might be a rookie but he could almost certainly take James in a fight. Especially a fight without a ref. James doesn’t consider himself a particularly vain person, but he does like his face…y’know…intact.

He wanders around for a bit—through the different floors, different rooms—dragging his feet when he gets to the places he knows Regulus likes to hide. He’s tried to figure out what to say, he has. But every time he does his thoughts start to unravel. Regulus takes him apart without even trying. Just the thought of him and every fibre of James comes unstitched.

This is not going to go well.

It’s on one of the top floors, away from the stairs and hidden behind rows and rows of books, that James finds him. Hunched over a textbook, scribbling notes as his black curls fall in his eyes. For a moment James can’t move, standing there, watching.

He really is gone on this kid.

Stupid.

“Hey,” he says when he eventually manages to make himself move, dropping into the seat across from Regulus. He sees the other boy freeze, pen hovering over the page he had furiously been scribbling across. He doesn’t look up.

“I’m busy,” Regulus says finally.

James does his best to swallow. He supposes he deserves that. “Yeah, course. I just—er—thought maybe we should talk?”

Regulus takes his time responding, and James can see the muscles moving in his jaw, see him clenching his teeth. He wonders what the younger boy is fighting so hard to keep in?

“We really don’t.” He starts writing again.

For a moment James just sits there, watching him, wondering if there is a way this could’ve worked. If he had done things differently. If Regulus and Evan weren’t…whatever they are. If he told Sirius how careful he’d be.

Because he would be.

He wonders if in that world maybe they could be together.

James thinks he’d like that.

“I don’t want things to be weird between us,” he says finally, even though he can tell that Regulus is doing his best to ignore him. 

The sound of Regulus’s pen scraping across the page is almost violent. James wonders how it doesn’t tear the paper. 

“They aren’t.”

James sighs. “Regulus—“

“Listen, you were drunk. And upset. You made a mistake. I made a mistake. It never should have happened—honestly, I’m sorry that it did. So lets just…lets just forget it, okay?”

Regulus almost manages to deliver those words blankly. Like reciting the items on a menu. Or reading the instructions of a board game. Except right at the end. Right at the end his voice cracks. James has the urge to take his face in his hands, to force Regulus to look at him properly. To run his fingers along that frowning mouth, and furrowing brow, along the bridge of his nose. He wishes he hadn’t been drunk when they kissed. Wishes the memories were clearer. He’s gone over them a dozen times now, desperate to squeeze every feeling out of them.

“So that’s it then? We just never speak about this again?” James doesn’t know why he bothers, it’s not as though he came here intending to say anything different.

“I’m so glad you’re keeping up.”

He still hasn’t looked at James. Not once. And it’s driving him mad.

“Okay well,” his voice sounds rough. “I just want you to know that I’m sorry. I—what happened the other night—that wasn't fair of me.” He cringes at how awkward that sounds. How formal.

Regulus sighs, hand pausing in its relentless note taking. “You don’t need to apologize. It wasn’t your fault.”

James snorts. “My memory might be a little fuzzy, but I’m pretty sure it was.”

Regulus grimaces. “I was sober, you were drunk. It was on me to do the right thing. I—I should be apologizing.” There’s a brief pause, and then: “So…sorry.” 

James’s brain snags on the first half of that sentence. Caught on a particular piece of information. “Wait, you were sober?” He sees Regulus’s shoulders tense again but he pushes forward. “You were sober and you kissed me back?” It doesn’t matter! Shouts the rational voice in his head. Leave it alone. This is a bad idea. It was always a bad idea.

Unfortunately, James Potter is the king of bad ideas. 

Regulus’s cheeks are quickly growing pink. “Look, I told you I’m sorry. I—I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I should have stopped it.”

“Why didn’t you?” 

And oh.

Oh. oh.

There they are, big grey eyes flashing up.

“Why?” Regulus repeats.

“Yeah, why?”

The two boys just look at one another. Well, not just. There is no just about James Potter and Regulus Black. There are storms and tidal waves and hands that reach and pull and grab until there is no more to take. It probably isn’t good. It’s probably very bad. James has always felt too much. But he’s still never felt like this.

“Why are you doing this?” Regulus asks finally.

James blinks. “What?”

“You—“ and he fumbles, something like uncertainty breaking through the irritation he usually wraps around himself when James is there. “You have to know—don’t you?”

But James doesn’t. Not at all. He wishes he did though.

“I—sorry, what’re we talking about?”

A sort of hopelessness passes over Regulus’s face before he starts shaking his head. “Never mind. Forget it. Like I said, I’m busy. There’s nothing weird between us. Everything is fine. Please leave me alone.”

With that Regulus abruptly stands up, disappearing into the rows of books and leaving James dumbfounded in his wake. He waits for a solid ten seconds—alright, maybe it’s five—before he’s out of his seat, following Regulus into the towering bookshelves. It’s dark here, with the air of a place that’s been neglected. Step stools piled with books taking up space in the already cramped aisles as James maneuvers his way through.

Eventually he finds Regulus, standing with his hands braced against the shelves.

“What were you talking about?”

“Jesus!” Regulus starts, head whipping up, shock giving way to anger impressively fast. “Following me? Again? Really?”

“I want to talk about this,” James steps closer.

“Well I don’t,” the younger boy crosses his arms over his chest.

“Regulus—“

“What is this—what do you want? You’re not even—“ but Regulus doesn’t finish that sentence, cheeks hot and eyes bright as they bounce around, never willing to spend too long on James’s face.

“I’m not even what?” another step. There’s not much space here, Regulus with his back pressed against the books, James nearly toe to toe with him.

Regulus sneers. “You’re not even gay.”

“Oh and that’s up to you is it?” James doesn’t actually know what he is. What any of this makes him. Hasn’t figured out how much it matters. How much he cares. But he’s not about to back down now. “Besides,” he goes on, “neither are you. Right?”

Regulus’s eyes narrow. “Fuck you.”

“I don’t think you’re half as bothered by me as you pretend to be.”

“Oh you think I’m pretending do you?” Now it’s Regulus’s turn to step forward, there’s practically no space between them. Defiant eyes glaring up at James. “I promise you, I’m not that good an actor.”

James shakes his head. “Liar.”

“Fuck. You.”

Regulus’s lips are nearly as red as his cheeks. This is the moment James needs to walk away. He knows that. This is the moment when he needs to be a grown-up and do the responsible thing. Needs to take a step back.

“Yeah okay,” he says instead, knocking Regulus into the shelves. “Lets do that.”

It isn’t sweet.

Like everything else between them it’s a fight. All push and pull. All teeth and nails. James has never been so glad to be sober in his life. He barely remembers the first kiss. But this one? This one plants itself in his bones.

One of Regulus’s hands tangles itself in his hair, the other digging into James’s back. He doesn’t know which one of them groans. Maybe it’s both of them. Something falls—a book? James doesn’t care. He keeps pushing. Needing to be closer, hand sneaking under Regulus’s shirt. The other boy hisses.

“Cold,” he murmurs against James’s mouth.

“Sorry.”

James isn’t really thinking. Rarely does, but this is an especially bad moment even for him. He isn’t thinking when he tilts his head back, letting Regulus trail filthy opened mouthed kisses down his neck. Isn’t thinking when he brings them back together only to nip at Regulus’s lower lip, making the other boy squirm. Isn’t thinking when he slides his thigh between Regulus’s legs.

“Oh fuck,” Regulus’s forehead thunks against James’s shoulder and how he likes that. Likes the little whimpering noises he knows Regulus hates that he’s making. Likes the way that Regulus goes pliant in his arms. God this is sex. He doesn’t even care that all their clothes are on. That they’re barely touching. This is sex.

James is vaguely aware of the voices in the distance.

Very vaguely.

Honestly he doesn’t care.

Let people see them. He isn’t embarrassed. Not of this. He has Regulus Black coming apart under his hands. He feels fucking proud.

Apparently Regulus does not agree.

“Stop,” the other boy gasps, and before James can even react he’s being shoved back with enough force that he crashes into the shelves on the other side of the aisle.

“Fuck,” he says, more impressed than anything. Regulus is so much stronger than you think he is. He knew that already, after watching him deck Mulciber, but being reminded of it in this moment is doing things to him. “What position did you play?”

Regulus, whose normally neat and put-together exterior is all kinds of messed up, looks at him like he’s lost his mind. Probably not far off to be fair. “What?” he hisses, the voices still murmuring in the distance.

“Tell me it was Defence?” James goes on, feeling a little delirious as his eyes run the boy in front of him up and down. “People underestimate you because of your height, but tell me you were laying motherfuckers out on the ice.”

“I cannot believe you’re talking about hockey right now!”

James arches his brow. “Can’t you?”

Regulus gives him an incredulous look. “This is ridiculous. You are ridiculous. Fuck, I can’t believe I let this happen,” he brings his hands up to cover his face. “This is so bad. So, so bad.” More to himself than to James. Which is when something comes back to James.

“Oh shit—are you. You and Rosy?”

Regulus drops his hands to stare at him. “What? Why are you talking gibberish right now? Are you drunk again?”

James ignores that. “Rosy. Is this—are you two—are you two like a thing?”

There is a long beat of silence during which Regulus looks at James like he has just grown a second head.

“What?” the other boy demands eventually.

“Well—just—I saw you two the other night.”

Regulus’s confusion does not go away. “You saw—“ until it does. “Oh my god,” his hands come back up.

“Listen,” James rushes on. “Listen, if this is gonna fuck things up for you than—than I won’t—I mean, I’m not gonna say anything. I shouldn’t have—shit—I got carried away.” Which is an understatement.

Regulus only groans, turning around to bang his forehead into the bookshelves behind him. “When did my life turn into a Shakespeare play?” he demands of the universe James presumes.

“I don’t remember this many boys kissing in Shakespeare,” he wrinkles his nose. “To be fair, English was never my strongest subject.”

Regulus lets out a long suffering sigh before eventually turning around again. His curls are all messed up. James resists the urge to fix them.

“Me and Evan are not…” he makes a face. “We’re just friends.”

James arches his brow. “That didn’t look like a friend kiss.”

“Yeah well,” Regulus doesn’t appear to want to elaborate on that. “That’s not—the issue—here.”

And James knows. Knows what the issues are. And yet still somehow finds himself saying, “Oh?”

“You don’t want me,” Regulus says, gaining some of his usual sternness back.

James blinks. “I mean…I kinda do.”

“No,” resolute, unmoving. “You don’t.”

“Is this about the gay thing?”

“Would you keep your voice down?” Regulus hisses, eyes darting to the ends of the aisle.

James sighs. “I want you Regulus.”

But that only makes the younger boy’s frown deepen. “Stop it.”

“Why?”

Regulus gives him a painful look. “Because,” his voice shaky. “You just want someone you can close your eyes with and pretend is her and I can’t do that,” he grimaces. “Please don’t make me do that.”

It’s a heartbreaking confession, and it takes the air out of James’s lungs. It is staggering really, all the ways two people can completely misunderstand one another.

“Regulus,” he whispers this time, closing the space between them again. 

For a long moment the younger boy doesn’t move, clearly fighting with himself, James wishes he knew what about. But eventually, his head turns and James smiles, hands carefully coming up to hold Regulus’s face. They’re close enough, and it’s quiet enough, that he can hear Regulus’s breath catch.

“I don't want to close my eyes.”

For some reason that makes fear flood Regulus’s face.

“What if you see something you don’t like?”

James runs his thumb along the line of his mouth, just like he’d been thinking about before, feeling the heat of Regulus bleed into him, making him light-headed. Fuck, he thinks. Sirius forgive me. But he can’t walk away from this. He was stupid to think that he could. He was sunk before he even set sail. Drowning the second Regulus looked up at him.

Eventually, James shakes his head.

“Not possible.”

And this time.

Regulus kisses him. 

 

 
Notes:

    **French***

    I'm so happy for you, really.
    You'll call me back after you talk to Mom, right?
    Okay...okay...good night star.

     

    Hi! Hello!

    How is the fall going for everyone else? Personally I am dying. Which sucks because spooky season is my favourite season and I just wanna carve a pumpkin and drink some warm wine and watch Hocus Pocus.

    Alas.

    School.

    BUT ALSO MAKING OUT IN THE LIBRARY.

    Not gonna lie, many of the spicy Jegulus scenes in this fic will involve books and I am excited about it!

    There are so many more things to come! Hope y'all are enjoying it, cause this fic brings me joy!

    Thank you for reading!!!!!! <3

Chapter 10
Summary:

    Happy Merry Almost December

Notes:

    tw mild sexual content
    tw child abuse (psychological/emotional)
    tw self harm
    tw disassociation

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Regulus

 

The night Sirius leaves there’s a lot of shouting. There’s always shouting with Sirius. Everything that makes Regulus quiet makes Sirius loud.

“You don’t get to control my whole life!”

“Of course I do, I’m your mother! You are a child. You live in my house. You eat my food. You will do as I say.”

“I have a chance here, do you understand that? I could be something, this is my dream—“

“Really Sirius? Your dream?”

“Don’t say it like that.”

“Like what?”

“Like it’s…stupid.”

“Has it occurred to you that it’s not the way I’m saying it that makes it sound stupid?”

“You’re ruining my life—you’re ruining my life! This isn’t—this isn’t fair. I worked so hard for this. I won’t get this chance again. Please just listen to me for once. Please.”

“And this is precisely why you need me to make decisions for you. Because I can see the bigger picture. This is not your dream Sirius. And one day you will thank me.”

Regulus is sitting on the bottom step, his whole body strung tight, like he’s the one in trouble—the one being yelled at. His foot bouncing nervously up and down, nails digging into his thighs.

Suddenly Sirius comes storming out of the living room towards him, his face pale, eyes a red.

“Sirius—“

“Not now,” he snaps, taking the stairs two at a time before slamming the door to his bedroom shut. Regulus flinches, anxiety still building in his chest, teeth chattering as he sits there. Unsure of what to do. Where to go. How to make this feeling stop. 

“He’ll get over it.”

Regulus starts, finding his mother standing in the front hall, arms crossed over her chest as she stares up at the floor above them.

“It’s important to understand Regulus, that everything I do I do for you and your brother. You’re too young, you don’t realize it yet. But you need me,” she steps forward, a proprietary hand grabbing the back of Regulus’s neck. “You need me.”

It’s always like this with her.

She’s cold and distant.

Until you aren’t desperate for her attention anymore. Until you start pulling away. And then she’s unbearable.

“Alors,” she leans down and kisses the top of Regulus’s head. “Go mon chou, upstairs, shower, sleep. I’ve already put your clothes out for tomorrow.” She gives his neck a final squeeze before pulling away.

He thinks it’s probably love.

The rules.

The smothering.

He thinks it must be.

He just doesn’t know why it always feels like being crushed.

“Oui maman.”

 

 

James 

Pssshhhhhhhhhhhhhjkl

 

Regulus

…

are you whispering?

you can’t whisper over text

 

James

maybe u can’t

 

Regulus

-__-

 

James

wowowowow  is that supposed 2 b ur face?

cause it looks just like u

 

Regulus

is there something you want James?

 

James

you

;)

 

Regulus

I’m going to stop responding now

 

James

noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

kk listen

ur done work soon rite?

 

Regulus

theoretically

 

James

well, theoretically, do u wanna come over

2 my place?

 

Regulus?

 

hello??????????

 

??????

 

???????????????????????

 

Regulus

Okay

 

James

Okay?

 

Regulus

I want to come over

 

James

cool

 

 

 There’s a loud slamming noise that nearly makes Regulus drop his phone, his eyes shooting up to find Nick’s sneering face looking down at him. The noise, it turns out, was an upsettingly large pile of files being dropped on Regulus’s desk.

“Uh—“ Regulus says, as he slips his phone into his pocket. “Can I help you with something?”

Nick’s sneer grows. “Lucius says that now that I’m replacing you on the merger project I can pass off all the work I don’t have time for to you.”

Regulus’s heart sinks. He doesn’t really have time for the work he has, let alone more, eyes darting to Lucius’s office and then back to the folders in front of him. As far as he knows, Lucius hasn’t told his mother anything, he's just started acting as though Regulus doesn’t exist. Which is fine most of the time, except…

“Okay, well, I’ll take a look at these tomorrow—“

“Yeah you wish,” Nick snorts. “Lucius wants them tonight.”

Regulus blinks. “Tonight?” and then looking at the time on his computer. “It’s 4:45?”

“That’s what he said, you have a problem take it up with him.”

Regulus eyes the office warily again. Yeah. He’s not going to be doing that. He’s not going to be doing anything to draw Lucius’s attention back to him.

“Okay—I—okay,” he sighs, running a hand over his face.

“That’s a good pet,” and then Nick laughs. It is not a pleasant sound. “You know, I think we’re gonna have to find a new name for you,” he nods towards Lucius’s office. “He doesn’t want you anymore does he? Guess even your mom’s reputation wasn’t enough to make up for how shit you are.”

Regulus just stares flatly at him, not responding, not sure he could. Hands curled in fists on his desk.

“How about Pest?” the older boy smiles. “Yeah, yeah that’ll work.” He reaches over and claps Regulus on the back. “Have a good night Pest.” He’s still smirking when he turns away, heading for the elevators. 

One day, Regulus thinks, he’s going to ruin that guy’s life. He hasn’t figured out how yet. But he will.

“What happened?”

Regulus jumps, nearly upsetting the mountain of files on his desk. He slams his hand down to keep them where they are.

“Shit,” he hisses. “Where the hell did you even come from?”

He looks up at Severus who’s standing at the entrance to his cubicle, eyes on Lucius’s office. The expression on his face makes Regulus nervous.

“Two weeks ago he loved you, now all of a sudden you’re kicked off the project and you’re so afraid to talk to him you’d rather be Mulciber’s bitch—“

“I’m not Mulciber’s bitch,” he snaps. Severus gives him a pointed look, and then gives the stack of files next to him an equally pointed look.

Regulus rolls his eyes, crossing his arms over his chest and sinking down in his chair. “That’s not—well—it’s—“ he doesn’t really have an answer but Severus doesn’t really seem to expect one.

“Go tell him,” it’s almost a challenge—a test—and Regulus instantly feels his chest grow tight. “Go tell him Mulciber waited to the end of the day to give you those files so you’ll get to them tomorrow.”

Regulus swallows with some difficulty, unable to hold Severus’s gaze. “No it’s—I don’t mind really.” The words taste bitter as he thinks about James. Waiting for him. 

“You expect me to believe that?”

Regulus sighs, running a hand wearily over his face. “Honestly Severus, I don’t really care what you believe.” He’s hoping that’ll be the end of the conversation but it isn’t.

“Something has happened.”

“Not something that’s any of your business!” Regulus snaps, realizing his mistake even before he sees Severus’s brow arch.

“But something did happen?”

Regulus can’t stop his eyes from going nervously to Lucius’s office again and when they come back Severus is still watching him. Regulus doesn’t have the energy for this. Doesn’t have the time. Feels his shoulders inching up his neck as the tension in him builds.

“Can you just let me do my work please?” he drops his gaze, pulling himself up to his desk and grabbing one of the folders from the pile. He’s just opened the document when Severus steps up beside him, scooping half the pile into his arms.

“Woah, what are you doing?” Regulus demands, as he swivels around in his chair, Severus already making his way back towards his desk.

“I’ll do the first half you do the second, maybe we’ll make it out of here before nine,” he says matter of fact. Like this is normal. Splitting their workload. Helping one another out.

“You—why?” he asks, gaping after Severus like a fish.

He doesn’t get an answer, not really, just a snide remark thrown over the other boy’s shoulder: “This doesn’t make us friends by the way,” as he slips behind the walls of his own cubicle.

For a moment all Regulus can do is sit there. He can’t believe Severus just did that. Not sure he trusts it honestly, it could be some kind of trick. To make him look stupid. Sabotage him. He eyes Severus's cubicle, chewing on his lower lip, considering going over there and taking the files back. But, well…there are other things he would like to do tonight.

Speaking of.

He pulls out his phone.

 

Regulus

Hey so |

H |

Hi I know |

|i I know

 hi| I know

| I know

I know you asked me to come over but I’m going to have to stay at work a little longer, do you still want me to come? |

I know you asked me to come over but I’m going to have to stay at work a little longer, do you still want me to come by |

I know you asked me to come over but I’m going to have to stay at work a little longer, do you still want me to come over |

 

He makes a frustrated noise, shaking his head at himself.

 

I know you asked me to come over but I’m going to have to stay at work a little longer, do you still want me to come? |

 

Regulus bites down on his lower-lip. Reading and re-reading the message over and over again. Is it too formal? Probably. Fuck. He always sounds like a robot when he texts. Should he add some kind of smiley face? Regulus grimaces. No. No he doesn’t think so. He hasn’t sunk that low yet.

After a few more seconds of his thumb hovering over the send button he presses down on it, resisting the urge to throw his phone across the room immediately after. Instead he places it face down on his desk and gets back to work.

It doesn’t take long before it’s buzzing. It’s pathetic how quickly Regulus scrambles to pick it up, heart fluttering.

 

James

yeah that’s fine

i’ll wait 4 u :) 

 

 

Severus ends up being spot on. The two of them finishing their paperwork by nine, both silently leaving, not bothering to speak to one another. Regulus knows he should probably thank the other boy, but he also gets the feeling that that wouldn’t be particularly well received. And, quite frankly, he’s not sure he could manage it without choking.

The anxiety doesn’t set in until he actually gets back to the dorms. Hitting him somewhere around the first step inside and becoming nearly unbearable by the time he reaches the right floor. James and Regulus haven’t seen one another since the library. Busy—with school, work, hockey. They’ve been texting. Well, James has. He does that a lot.

He texts Regulus good morning.

He asks about his day.

He prattles on about his day. 

Sometimes Regulus replies and sometimes he doesn’t. But he also keeps his phone on him more these days. Also doesn’t wince when he feels it vibrate. Smiles when James’s name appears—at least when no one is around to see. Chest glowing a little bit, knowing that James is thinking about him.

They haven’t talked about what happened.

About why James is texting him. And as the door to his room comes into view Regulus suddenly feels overwhelmed by that. Because he doesn’t know what he’s doing. Doesn’t know what’s expected of him—that’s the bit that really makes him want to run and hide. He just—he needs someone to explain. What are the steps? What’s normal? Was the kissing okay? He doesn’t know. The only person he’s ever kissed is Evan and that barely counts. He thinks James liked it. Will he want more? What does that even mean? What does that even look like?

Regulus would like to have sex.

He thinks.

He’s pretty sure.

He’s definitely thought about it a lot.

But sex in his head and sex in real life feel like two incompatible things.

You’re going to embarrass yourself. You’re already embarrassing yourself, whispers the voice in his head. Which, fair enough, he is just standing outside James’s door at this point.

Right.

Okay.

He can do this.

Heart beating out of his chest he lifts his fist up and knocks. There’s barely a pause before James is there—grey sweatpants, white- t-shirt. He smiles at Regulus who feels like he’ll crumble. Unsure what he did to deserve that kind of joy.

“Hey,” James says, a little breathlessly.

“Hi.”

For a brief second they keep standing there, staring at one another, and then James seems to wake up, running a hand over his hair.

“Right, shit, sorry,” he moves out of the way. “Come in.”

Regulus does, feeling awkward and stiff and not sure where to go so he just ends up standing in the middle of the room, hands gripping the straps of his backpack. The only light is coming from the lamp on James’s desk—low and warm. There are hockey posters on the walls, of course, a pile of books haphazardly stacked on the bedside table, laundry overflowing from the hamper in the corner.

Regulus’s brain twitches. Begging him to fix and straighten and clean.

Danger, it says.

danger,

danger,

danger.

He tells it to shut-up. To just be normal. He wonders how Sirius manages it? But then, their mum never could get in his head the way she gets into Regulus’s.

“So…” James says from behind him.

He turns to see James standing there, hands in his pockets, sheepish look on his face.

“How was work?”

“Fine,” which is a shitty answer, he knows, but he can’t seem to make his brain come up with anything else. 

James just nods. “That’s good,” a beat of awkward silence. “You wanna…sit?” he gestures towards the unmade bed.

Regulus’s mouth goes dry.

He doesn’t know what to do. 

Should they be—is this—are they hooking up? Is that what this is? Should he be…touching James? Probably. That’s what people do right? There are so many things that seem easy for other people that are not at all easy for Regulus.

Are not at all obvious.

Or natural.

In fact, he would argue literally nothing comes naturally to him.

“Reg?” James ducks his head a little, trying to catch his eye. “You okay?”

Regulus blinks, coming back to himself. He looks at James but that’s no good. So he looks at the bed, which is infinitely worse. And then his eyes land on the books beside it. Now books he can do. He’s very good at books.

Ignoring both of James’s questions he steps towards them. “Are these for school?” he asks, picking up the top one. It’s yellow, with small blue soldiers scattered across the cover. The Aeneid reads the title.

“Er—yeah,” James laughs a little. “For that creative writing course I told you about? Apparently we also have to read. Seems a bit unfair.”

Regulus snorts, running his hands over the book before cracking it open, flipping through the pages. “Imagine that? Having to read in college. A travesty.”

“Tell me about it,” Regulus thinks he can hear the smile in James’s voice. “I’ve been doing alright actually, with the reading, but that one’s brutal,” he gestures to book in Regulus’s hands. “The way it’s written it’s like—I don’t know, I can’t get my brain to understand it.”

Regulus hums thoughtfully, still flipping through the pages. “Well, it’s a poem so…maybe you need to hear it out loud?”

There’s a pause.

“You want to read it to me?”

Regulus snorts. “Ha, ha.”

“I’m serious.”

Regulus looks up at him, finding James’s eyes bright. “C’mon Reg,” crooked grin, nodding towards the bed again. “Read to me.”

“You’re—that’s stupid.”

“Nah, I think it’s an excellent idea.”

He crawls onto the bed himself, putting a pillow behind his back as he leans against the wall and then pats the spot beside him. “C’mon, it’ll be fun.”

Regulus gives him a flat look. “For who?”

But James is not deterred. “I’ll fail if you don’t.”

“You’re such a drama queen.”

James shakes his head. “I will. And then I’ll lose my scholarship—“

“You don’t even need a scholarship.”

“—and I’ll have to drop out of school—“

“Sorry, haven’t you been drafted by the NHL?”

“—and I’ll be broken and crushed and destitute.”

“This isn’t how anything works.”

“Is that really what you want for me Regulus? Huh?”

Regulus glares at him and James grins back.

“None of that is going to happen.”

“Not if you read to me it won’t,” he pats the spot beside him again. Regulus holds out for a second longer, gripping tightly to the book in his hands.

“Fine.”

“Hell yeah!” James says, causing Regulus to roll his eyes as he slides the backpack from his shoulders and the shoes from his feet, climbing awkwardly onto the bed. He sits next to James, back against the wall, legs outstretched, they’re close but not touching. He looks over at the other boy but he doesn’t seem to mind, just watches Regulus expectantly.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this.”

“I can, it’s awesome.”

Shaking his head Regulus cracks open the book again, clearing his throat before he speaks:

 

“I sing of warfare and a man at war.

From the sea-coast of Troy in early days

He came to Italy by destiny.”

 

 

It isn’t as awkward as it should be.

Actually, after a few minutes, it isn’t awkward at all. Regulus falls into a kind of rhythm, the buzzing nerves settling under his skin. James Potter leaning into him, steady, warm. He’s so warm. It takes everything in Regulus not to comment on it.

After a while Regulus stretches, cracking his back.

“You wanna stop?” James asks, voice soft. Everything about this moment feels soft.

“No,” Regulus answers too quickly, looking away as his cheeks grow hot. “Just stiff, I—I can keep going.”

“Here—move forward for a second?”

Regulus does, James shuffling behind him, and then a gentle arm tugs Regulus back, between James’s legs, against his chest. Regulus’s whole body goes tense and for a moment they both sit there, frozen.

“Okay?” James asks finally.

Regulus swallows. “Yeah,” voice trembling. “Yeah okay.” He forces himself to relax. James’s arms coming around him. For a second Regulus just has to breathe. It feels so good it almost feels bad. Like when something is so hot it feels cold. Almost too much.

“Reg if—“

“No,” he says quickly. “No it’s okay, it’s—“ he doesn’t know what to say so he wiggles a little in James’s arms, pressing back into him. “It’s good.”

James lets out a quiet laugh. “Okay.”

Regulus takes in a deep breath, grounding himself, before he lifts the book again;

 

“But the queen had long since been suffering from love’s deadly wound, feeding it with her blood and being consumed by its hidden fire.

Again and again there rushed into her mind thoughts of the great valour of the man and the high glories of his line.

His features and the words he had spoken had pierced her heart and love gave her body no peace or rest.”

 

 

 

It’s not until Regulus starts yawning every other sentence that James finally yanks the book out of his hands.

“C’mon, you’re falling asleep.”

“But we’re almost finished!”

James snorts, folding down the top corner of the page and tossing the book to the end of his bed. “We are not.”

“Well we could be if you let me keep reading.” He yawns again, warm and sleepy and sinking into James, almost without thinking.

“Mhm,” the other boy nuzzles at Regulus’s temple, then dips his head lower, mouth brushing Regulus’s ear. His neck. Making him shiver. Not kissing…just…touching. Feather light touches that are making something in Regulus’s brain buzz and whir and spin.

“James,” he sounds a little desperate, shamelessly dropping his head back against James’s shoulder, giving him more access. And still it’s—if they’re kisses they’re barely there. It’s more just…touch. Touch. Touch. Touch. It makes Regulus feel crazy and he fidgets in James’s arms. “James.”

“Yeah?” James asks, nose nudging the underside of Regulus’s jaw. He gets the sense that the older boy is enjoying making him squirm.

“Just—“ fuck he doesn’t even know. Doesn’t know what he wants. What he’s doing. Is almost positive this is too much. “Can you—just kiss me yeah?”

He thinks he feels James smile against his skin. And then he nips at Regulus’s earlobe. “Yeah Reg, yeah okay.”

His hand is in Regulus’s hair then, tilting his head just right so he can kiss him properly.

This bit isn’t gentle. Not like the fluttering touches before. This pushes and demands and takes. They’re rough. Something about them always will be Regulus thinks. A little bit bitter and a little bit angry and a little bit not quite right. Because they shouldn’t be doing this. Not really. Regulus can’t really be…whatever this is. And James…well James can’t really be this either. Not in the locker room. Not on the ice. So what are they doing? Who are they kidding?

But neither of them stop. And it just keeps building—this feeling deep in the pit of his stomach, in his chest—needy and hungry and wanting.

“James,” because that seems to be the only word left in his mouth.

“Yeah,” James says huskily, kissing the hinge of Regulus’s jaw, the corner of his mouth, his cheek. Like he can’t help it. Isn’t thinking. “Yeah I know, come here.”

He pulls them down so they’re lying properly on the bed, Regulus on top. And they’re still kissing. And Regulus doesn’t know what to do with his hands and doesn’t know where to put his mouth or what the next step is supposed to be. He feels too hot. Skin too tight. And still he wants more. It’s unbearable.

He doesn’t realize it. That he’s started moving. Rocking into James. It just sort of…happens. He doesn’t notice—until the moment James hisses, pulling back and laughing a little.

“Shit stop, I don’t want to come in my pants like I’m fucking fifteen.”

What James doesn’t say is: Regulus, you’re doing this wrong.

I don’t like it.

You’re embarrassing yourself.

You're deficient. 

Inadequate.

James doesn’t say any of that.

Regulus hears it though.

Because it’s true. It’s true. He doesn’t know how to do this. He might as well be fifteen. Meanwhile James definitely knows what he's doing, you can tell, clear in the confidence of his hands. His mouth. That or he's a fucking sex prodigy. Not that they were having sex. Regulus doesn't think. Though maybe they were going to.

He pulls back, quickly removing himself to the other side of the bed, out of breath and trembling and feeling a little bit nauseous.

“Woah, hey,” James pushes himself up onto his elbows, he’s smiling but there’s confusion in his eyes. “Where are you going?”

“I—“

At that moment his phone starts buzzing in the pocket of his bag. Regulus reaches for it, just looking for an excuse to get him out of this situation. To give him a reason not to look at James. He almost answers it too, until he sees the name on the screen.

Mom

He should have known. A laugh threatening to bubble out of his mouth at the thought that he nearly answered his mother’s call while in some boy’s bed. He feels a little hysterical honestly. Staring at the name flashing angrily at him until it goes to voicemail. He currently has fifty-five unheard voicemails. He’s just staring at the blank screen when James finally shifts, sitting next to him.

“Your mom?”

Regulus keeps staring at his phone. “She’s not a bad person you know.”

“I never said she was.”

Regulus sneers at that. “Really? I’m sure you and Sirius have nothing but nice things to say about her right?”

He feels James watching him, and he knows he’s being a little irrational. He does. He just—everything is all—twisted up.

“Why didn’t you answer the phone Reg?” James asks finally.

Which is an unfair question.

“None of your business,” he stands up, sliding his phone into his pocket and grabbing his shoes.

“Regulus—“

“I need to go. It’s late. I have class early tomorrow.” He picks his bag up, slinging it over his shoulder. James still sitting on the bed looking at him with big sad eyes. Like he has any right.

“See you,” already moving.

“Regulus.”

He freezes with his hand on the doorknob. It’s the way he says it. The way his voice cracks just a little. Regulus should ignore it, should just keep going, but he doesn’t. Looking back over his shoulder.

James has his elbows on his knees, hands clasped between them. “I—“ he lets out a breath. Like he can’t manage it. The words too big. A few seconds pass before he finally looks at Regulus, a weak smile on his face. “Come back tomorrow yeah?” Regulus feels his stomach drop, mouth opening, not sure what he’s going to say. Some version of “no” surely. But James doesn’t give him the chance. “We have to finish the book.”

Something gives in Regulus, eyes going to the book at the end of the bed. He stares at it for a long minute before eventually nodding his head. “Yeah. Yeah okay.”

He throws the door open. Not sure he can handle James’s response.

 

 

Part II Remus

 

The Galley does not have good coffee. Or food for that matter. It’s in the basement of one of the lecture halls, with a grey carpeted floor that smells like beer and sweat, small round windows—like you’re on a ship—and Christmas lights hung along the walls all year long.

Still. There’s something charming about it. Comfortable. 

It’s busy when he walks in, students huddled over rocky wooden tables, coats and bags piled on the floor and over the backs of chairs. He sees Mary leaning across the counter up at the front, talking to Lily who has a fortress of books spread out around her, legs dangling off the barstool she’s sitting on.

Mary spots him first.

And I thought Lily looked bad.

He flips her off as he sits on the stool next to Lily, the redhead looking over at him. Midterms killing you too?

Killed. I am already deceased. This is my lifeless corpse you’re looking at now.

You’ve been spending too much time with Sirius, Mary signs. She’s the best at it, after the boys. 

Remus gives her a mock look of offence. You trying to say I’m being dramatic?

This is my lifeless corpse? she repeats.

Well, he waves his hands for emphasis. I feel like I’m dying.

Mary rolls her eyes, looking like she’s going to say something else when something at the other end of the counter catches her attention. Sorry. Order. She moves away, fiddling with one of the dozen or so coffee makers they have back there.

Remus sighs, dropping his head down onto the countertop. A minute later Lily does the same, their faces turned towards one another.

Philosophy can’t be ____ bad, she say finally, small smile flickering in the corner of her mouth. All you do __ pontificate. And you’re very potificatious.

He arches his brow. First off, fuck you. At least you get multiple choice in science. And secondly, potificatious? There’s no way that’s a word.

Maybe I ____ invented it?

Don’t think that’s how this works.

Shakespeare made up words all ___ time.

Oh and you’re Shakespeare now are you?

She pouts playfully. Leave me alone, I’m tired. Reaching over and pinching his side. He retaliates by kicking her under the counter.

Lily smiles before letting out a big breath, blowing lose strands of hair off her forehead. I can’t ____ for this term to __ over.

Tell me about it.

I just want it to __ Christmas already. _ love Christmas.

It’s Remus’s turn to smile. I know. You made like a thousand gingerbread men last year.

People Remus, she gives him an exasperated look. I made Gingerbread people. ________. Get your gender norms off __ my cookies.

He laughs. My deepest apologies.

He thinks she’s laughing too, but it’s hard to tell, and then her eyes get a little dim. James said I should still come to his. For ___ party, you know?

Ah.

He does know. Effie goes all out for the holidays, very much like Lily in that way. He isn’t sure when exactly it happened, them all going. But they do, every year. It shouldn’t be fun, your friend’s parents' party. But then, the Potters always defy expectations.

That’s good, Remus says finally, when she doesn’t go on. You should come. 

She chews on her bottom lip, letting out another big breath. I don’t know how to…do this. I don’t ____ when he’s just being polite or when he…she rolls her eyes. James has this whole chivalrous thing ___ know?

Remus snorts, remembering the halloween James literally dressed up as a knight in shining armour. Yeah, I know.

And I can’t tell when he’s ____ doing that—____ being chivalrous—and when he…he means it. 

Remus squints. You think he was being noble when he invited you over for Christmas?

I don’t know. I’m worried…maybe? I don’t want to __ _____ if it’s just that.

Remus watches her for a moment before kicking her again, maybe a little more softly this time. He means it with you, he says sincerely. He always has.

He remembers the days when they were falling in love. Remembers watching James win her over. Getting the girl in the end. Remembers being jealous, that his story was never going to go that way.

She reaches out, squeezing his arm. Thanks.

Of course.

Something catches Remus’s attention and he turns to find Mary back in front of them, behind the counter, brow arched. 

What’s with the big eyes?

Maybe we just like looking at you, Lily says, smile bright, blinding, freckles twinkling across her cheeks under the lights. And Remus thinks, just for a moment, he sees Mary balk. But then he blinks, and her face is a mask again.

I mean, I would also like some coffee. He breaks the moment, bringing Mary’s attention back to him. She gives him a flat look.

Do you see a till in front of me?

Remus blinks. No?

Go make your order with the dweeb at the till then, she gestures to the other end of the counter.

Right. Sorry.

Remus slips off his stool, Lily saying something to Mary that he doesn’t catch but that brings that odd expression back to her face again. Fondness and something else he can’t work out.

There’s only one person waiting in line ahead of him. Remus scrolling absentmindedly on his phone until it’s his turn. He’s seen the boy behind the cash before. New hire, first year he thinks. He has fluffy blond hair that probably needs to be cut, overwhelming his face. And cheeks that go rosy every time Remus sees him.

Oh, he says when Remus steps up to the counter, eyes growing big. Remus isn’t exactly sure what to do with that so he tries to smile. It’s possible he missed something. It happens. 

Hey, uh, small coffee, two sugars?

The boy just stands there for a minute and Remus squints, wondering if maybe he’s mispronounced something. Or maybe he’s shouting? Shit. Maybe he’s shouting at the kid.

Sorry, he starts. Am I being loud? I can’t—

F-O-R H-E-R-E O-R T-O G-O?

For a moment Remus just stares at him.

Did you just—are—can you sign?

Was that right? he asks brightly. Did _ do it?

Er—sort of yeah, He spelt the whole thing out, which is not exactly the most effective way to communicate, but: Are you learning it for some course or something?

I just thought—you come __ here a lot and I—I mean it’s __ cool right? Sign language? And I just—yeah I ____ wanted to learn. __ I made Mary show me but…he wrinkles his nose. It’s a very cute nose. Like a button. Kinda red on the end, like he’s just come in from the cold. She’s not ____ good at positive reenforcement so _ never know if I’m doing it right.

Remus just keeps staring at him.

So you… he’s not sure how to say this next bit without sounding incredibly conceited. You learned it for me?

The boy shrugs before giving him a sheepish smile, fidgeting with the pen beside the cash. You—I—you’re always __ nice and you’re so ho— his mouth instantly snaps shut, his eyes growing even bigger. Somehow. Sorry. I’m rambling ___. Never mind. Small coffee. Two Sugars. Coming _____ up.

Uh, I think I need to pay?

The boy’s face goes even redder.

Right. Right. Yeah.

By the time Remus rejoins his friends, coffee cup in hand, he is feeling thoroughly confused. And maybe just a little bit…charmed? He pulls up his stool, Lily with her nose in one of her textbooks, scribbling notes.

A hand gets his attention

He looks over at Mary who is eyeing him with some interest.

You and Fabian have a nice chat?

He blinks, putting his mug down.

Fabian?

Yeah. The dweeb at cash.

Remus looks over at him, he’s thankfully busy with another customer and therefore doesn’t notice. Remus watches for a moment before dragging his gaze back to Mary. He’s not sure he likes the look in her eyes.

What?

Don’t what me, you’re the one making eyes at the frosh.

Remus’s mouth falls open. I was not.

Were too.

I was—

But Lily’s arm is suddenly waving between the pair of them. Wait , wait, wait! You ____ are going ____ fast, what’s going on? Mary has her gossip face on.

Mary frowns. I don’t have a gossip face. What the ____ is a gossip face?

Lily makes an impatient motion with her hand. The face you make when something juicy is being spilled. So. Spill. She looks between the pair of them expectantly.

Mary turns back to Remus. You want to tell her you’re a cougar or should I? 

He scowls at her. He’s like two years younger than us.

Yeah but he looks twelve so.

He does not.

Does too.

Does—

More hand waving.

GUYS.

Sorry, Remus looks over at her a little guiltily. It honestly isn’t— he’s not really sure where he’s going with this sentence but Mary is looking at him like she’s about to say something embarrassing so he pushes on. The new barista is learning sign language. For me. He grimaces. That sounded a little…eager. 

Really? Lily says with great excitement, practically falling off her stool as she leans around Remus to get a better look at him.

Oh for Christ’s sake, you're worse than James and Sirius.

That makes Lily straighten up. What? I am not! I'm very sneaky. Very low-key. Everyone says so. 

Uh-huh.

She leans towards him then, hand on his arm, conspiratorial look on her face. He is ____ cute though. 

Remus bites the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling like an idiot. He is a bit, isn’t he? resisting the urge to turn and look at him again. Not that…I mean he didn’t say anything about wanting…about being interested in me. Remus doesn’t really date. There’s not a reason exactly. Well, besides the fact that he’s a bit gone on his best friend. Other than that he just feels exhausted by the process. Or the idea of the process anyway.

He sneaks another peak over his shoulder. Fabian is smiling at the customer he’s serving. Remus can’t help but notice that he has dimples.

Hey

He looks over at Mary. He can’t read her expression but then, he never can.

How’s Sirius?

Remus blinks at her.

Sirius?

Your roommate.

He bristles. I know who he is.

Sorry, Lily interjects. Why are we talking about Sirius?

Mary doesn’t take her eyes off of Remus. I was just wondering how he is.

He’s fine…?

Mary nods. Good. Is he seeing anyone?

Remus nearly chokes. I—no? Not that I know. But…he’s Sirius so…he doesn’t really see people as much as he…

Lily leans forward. Fucks them?

Remus’s stomach twists the way it always does when he thinks about Sirius’s…extracurricular activities. 

___ he brought anyone home lately?

Once again Remus finds himself looking up at Mary with confusion, squinting slightly. What?

Sirius, ___ he brought anyone home recently?

Remus goes to answer. Because it’s an easy one. Sirius is always going out. Always bringing people back. Even when they were in high school, when he shared a bedroom with James who would show up at Remus’s door grumpy and wrapped in a blanket at all hours of the night because Sirius needed to “use” the room.

Yes.

The answer is yes.

The answer is always yes.

Except…

Actually, I don’t think he has…recently.

Funny. Wonder why.

I wonder why we’re talking about Sirius when __ should be talking about __ cute boy Remus is going to give his number to.

Lily! he has no idea how loud they’re speaking but he can’t imagine a little subtlety would hurt either way. He checks nervously over his shoulder again but Fabian appears to still be oblivious.

When he brings his gaze back Mary and Lily have their eyes locked on one another, like they’re having some kind of silent conversation. He doesn’t know if he’s missed something or if they’re currently attempting telepathy. He looks between them.

Uh…hello?

Eventually Lily turns back to him. I think you should go for it.

Remus can’t help but laugh a little. Yeah, I’m getting that.

But obviously it’s your choice.

That’s very generous of you.

Yes, well, I’m a ____ generous person.

Uh-huh.

So…are you gonna do it?

Oh I have to decide right now do I?

No, Mary signs at the same moment that Lily says; Yes. 

Remus smiles at them, feeling something he can’t quite name wiggling in his stomach. He hasn’t been…waiting for Sirius. That’s not it. Not right. Waiting implies some sort of expectation. And Remus doesn’t expect Sirius to suddenly turn around and want him. But it’s possible, at some point, somewhere in his subconscious, that he’s started…settling for Sirius. For getting to be around him. Be his friend. His roommate. As a substitute for an actual relationship with someone who might actually want to be with him. He looks back at the wholesome boy behind the cash register who’s trying to learn sign language for him.

Yeah, he says slowly, like he’s testing the word out. The sentiment. Feeling it vibrate on his tongue. Yes. Yeah. I think I’m gonna go for it.

Lily throws her arms up in triumph, Mary with a look on her face that Remus doesn’t quite understand, but that, for a moment, almost looks like concern.

 

 

Part III: Evan

 

He’s completely unprepared for it. That’s why it hits so hard. He didn’t see it coming. He’s just scrolling through Instagram on his phone when the picture pops up. Barty and some girl. It’s like having a ton of wet cement poured on his chest. The breath flying out of his lungs as he sits up on his bed, staring at it.

They’re at a party he thinks. She’s on his lap.

Fuck.

Fuck.

Evan squeezes his eyes shut. This really shouldn’t hurt as much as it does. It’s just a picture. And it’s not as though—well, they’re not together. Haven’t been for a while now. So. It’s fair. The thing is, well, Barty isn’t exactly like everyone else is he? He doesn’t let people in, doesn’t let people close.

You thought you were special.

He squeezes his eyes tighter.

You thought you were the only one who really saw him. Who he really wanted to. You thought it would always be that way.

He looks at the picture again. Because he hates himself. Barty is smiling. He’s smiling and his hands are on her waist and they’re looking at one another and Evan wonders what they’re saying, wonders what she did to put that expression in his eyes that usually don’t give anything anyway, wonders how long they’ve known each other, if they were together when Barty kissed him, when he—

Evan really has to stop staring at this picture.

The petty part of him wants to be angry. Wants to blame Barty. Call him a liar for all the things he said. About how important Evan was. How much he mattered to him. But the rational part of him knows, that just because something was true once doesn’t mean it always will be. Time passes. Things change. Feelings become memories.

And maybe that’s all Evan is to him now. A story he tells people.

A story he tells no one.

Nostalgia.

He goes to scroll away, done torturing himself, when his thumb slips and a mocking red heart fills the screen.

“Oh fuck. Fuck!”

He’s liked it.

He’s liked the photo of his ex—or his—or—and this girl.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck.”

He taps the heart again, unliking it. But maybe that’s weirder? Will Barty still get the notification? Shit. He likes it again. No, this is definitely weirder.

“Fuck.”

“That’s a lot of swearing.”

Evan jumps, throwing his phone in the air as he looks up to find Cerci standing by the door. “Oh my god,” he clutches his chest. “You just gave me a heart attack. How did you—” He looks behind her for Reg but doesn’t see him. “Do you have a key?”

“Duh,” she says, sliding off her coat and shoes and hopping onto the bed beside him. Evan is still trying to keep up.

“I’m sorry—how do you have a key?”

She shrugs. “I know a guy.”

He arches his brow but she doesn’t elaborate, looking instead at the empty bed across from them. “No Regulus then?”

“Er—“ Evan tries to focus, running a hand through his hair. “No, he’s been pretty MIA recently.”

Cerci chews on her lower lip, looking uncharacteristically serious. “I’ve noticed,” she says finally. “Is he…does he seem okay to you?”

Evan doesn’t mean to laugh but—“kinda hard to tell with that kid.”

She smiles a little sadly. “Fair enough,” there’s a pause before; “Will you text me, when he comes back? Regulus is shit at letting me know where he is.”

Evan nods, feeling like maybe there’s something he’s missing here. “Sure. Of course.” and then: “Are you…worried about him?”

“Always,” she huffs, eyes still on his bed. “Regulus doesn’t really…like to take care of himself.”

Evan sits up straighter, sensing the importance of this conversation. “I mean, no one does right? It’s a fucking pain.”

“No one likes doing chores,” she corrects. “Laundry, grocery shopping—but with Reg it’s…” she trails off, a complicated look flashing across her face before she shakes her head. “Just text me yeah? And maybe try to—I don’t know—force him to sleep sometime,” she gives him a half-hearted smile. 

Evan nods his head slowly. “Yeah, yeah okay, I can do that.”

For a moment neither of them speak. Both watching the bed across from them. Like if they stare at it long enough Regulus will suddenly appear. The noise of people in the hallway filtering into the silent room. 

“So,” Cerci says eventually, a little more brightly, turning to face Evan fully on the bed. “What was with all the profanities?”

“What? Oh,” Evan looks guiltily over at the phone he just threw to the end of his bed. He rubs at the back of his neck. “Nothing just—uh—liked a picture on instagram I didn’t mean to.” He gives her a smile he hopes says “no big deal” but Cerci does not look convinced.

“A picture of what?”

His mouth dry as he looks away, hands dropping into his lap. “Oh you know, just, um, just like,” he’s struggling, a horrible ache in his chest that he keeps trying to smother, “a buddy of mine,” voice rough.

“You accidentally liked a photo of your buddy.” She says the last word like it physically pains her.   

He’s looking down at his hands. “Yeah.”

“And that lead to you freaking out?”

“I wasn’t freaking out.”

“You were. You didn’t even notice I’d walked into your room that’s how much you were freaking out.”

Evan groans, collapsing back onto his bed, staring up at the ceiling. “Okay so…he’s maybe…not a buddy.”

Cerci’s face hovers above him, smirk pulling at the corner of her mouth. “You don’t say.”

“It’s stupid. I’m being stupid. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” He brings his hands up and scrubs at his face.

The thing is, Barty is the person Evan talks to in his head whenever anything happens. Whenever he has an idea or a rant, when his thoughts start rambling, it’s always Barty he imagines is listening.

Evan walked away.

He knows.

He knows.

But he’s never let go. Doesn’t know how. Is pretty sure someone will have to pry Barty from his cold dead hands one day. He’d thought Barty had felt the same. Which was dumb of him.   

“Okay, it’s imperative that I see this picture and this buddy,” Cerci says, causing Evan to snort.

“Is it? Why?"

She rolls her eyes as though it’s a ridiculous question. “Because I am very very nosey for one. And two, because it will help me figure out how to approach the situation.”

He arches his brow. “Seeing him will help you figure out how to approach the situation?”

“Yes,” she reaches over and grabs his phone, dropping it on Evan’s chest. “The sooner you show me the sooner we can start strategizing.”

“Strategizing?” he laughs.

“Yeah, now vite, vite,” she pokes him in the side and he sits up giggling.

“Don’t you start with the French, I get enough of that from Reg.”

She smiles. “I love it when he does that. You always know he’s saying something exceptionally petty when he starts speaking French.”

“Maybe you do,” he unlocks his phone, finding Barty’s profile and quickly handing it over before he lets himself look for too long. “All I hear are noises.”

Cerci snorts as she takes his phone. “Huh,” she says after a few seconds.

That makes Evan a little uneasy. “What?”

She frowns. “Nothing. Just didn’t expect your type to be so…pouty.”

“He’s not always like that.”

Sometimes he talks about butterflies.

Cerci keeps frowning as she scrolls through the photos—most of which are of hockey. Teams. Championships. Trophies.

“Don’t take this the wrong way,” Cerci says finally. “But he looks like an asshole.”

Evan lets out a huff. “Yeah…that’s kind of his…vibe.”

“Hmm,” she scrolls back to the top. Back to the girl on his lap. “This is the aforementioned liked photo I take it?”

Evan has to look away. “Yeah.”

Cerci inspects it for a moment. “I mean…she could just be…a friend.”

Barty doesn’t have friends, Evan almost says but doesn’t. Because it’s mean. Because it might not be true anymore for all he knows.

He looks at Cerci. “A buddy?”

She smiles. “Hey, you said it not me.” Her eyes go back to the screen before she takes in a breath. “Okay. I have a plan.”

He’s not sure how he feels about that. “A plan?”

“Yes.” She starts doing stuff on his phone, he leans over, confused, until—

“Oh fuck off.”

“What?” she demands. “It’s a good idea!”

“I don’t need a dating app.”

Cerci fixes him with a look. “You need to get over your pouty hockey buddy and a dating app is a good way to do that.”

Evan grumbles, crossing his arms over his chest, not at all convinced.

Cerci rolls her eyes. “Look, it’s like, it’ll get you in the mindset you know? Of moving on—without actually having to talk to anybody in real life, at least not at first. It’s a good warm-up.”

Evan continues to be unconvinced.

“Do you trust me?”

Which is a dirty play if he’s ever seen one.

“I guess.”

She smiles. “Good. Then trust that this is a brilliant idea cause those are the only kind I have. Now how’s your selfie game?” she asks as she opens his photos. Evan doesn’t have the time to come up with a reply before Cerci is gasping. “Evan. Do you have a dog!?”

“Er—technically I have three, well, my family has three anyway.”

“Three! How did I not know this?!”

“Uh—“

“Man, you’re gonna kill it on the apps. Cute guy with dogs? You’re a hot commodity Rosier.”

Evan blinks. “You think I’m cute?”

Cerci snorts. “Obviously,” she’s still sifting through his pictures. “I have eyes you know.”

For some reason that makes a little twinge of pride fill Evan’s chest and he sits up a bit straighter. “Well…thanks.”

“Uh-huh,” Cerci doesn’t look up from the phone. “Now, what’re we thinking for a bio?”

Evan makes a face. “Do I really have to do this?”

“Yes.”

He groans. “I don’t know…I’m…a Scorpio? That’s a thing right? People care about that?”

“Mm,” Cerci nods. “Though I’m not sure I would go around advertising that. Scorpio’s are a fucking nightmare,” she shoots him a grin.

Evan laughs. “Shit okay,” he feels his cheeks heat for some reason. “Good to know.”

She sticks her tongue between her lips, squinting down at the screen. “We’re thinking about this too hard, your face will do most of the work anyway. And your dogs.”

Evan’s cheeks continue to grow red.

“How about ‘big tough hockey player looking for love’ ?”

“Jeez, not sure I’m looking for love,” the word causes something uncomfortable to wiggle in his chest.

“Fine, ‘big tough hockey player looking for a good time’.”

Evan makes a face. “Now I just sound like a creepy old man. Besides, is that really how you see me? Big tough hockey player?” a self-conscious smile pulls at his mouth. He’s never really wanted to bring any of that shit off the ice. He knows how he looks. Knows how he plays. Violent. But he’s never wanted that to be who he is.

Cerci looks over at him, expression growing soft. “No,” she says, and then, like it’s the most natural thing in the world, she leans over and kisses his cheek. “Okay, okay, how about: real sweet guy looking for a good time?”

Evan splutters, still trying to recover from the kiss. “No good time!”

“Oh come on, you’re a Scorpio, you’re telling me you’re not looking for a good time?”

Evan laughs.

 

 

Several hours later, when Evan is going to sleep, the bed across from him still noticeably empty, his phone buzzes. He reaches for it, laying on his side, the light from the screen illuminating his face.

 

B

It’s just a picture.

 

Evan doesn’t know what that means. He waits for more but nothing comes. He hates this. This weird limbo. They aren’t together. They aren’t. And also they always will be. Evan passes his thumb over Barty’s name. Trying to remember how it used to feel to touch him.

He falls asleep with his phone in his hand.

 

 

Part IV Sirius

 

This is going to be a bad day. 

Sirius knows that, because it starts with a phone call from his mother. 

“Wow, that’s twice this month, must be a new record.”

“He’s having trouble at work, did you know that?”

Regulus. Of course. Always Regulus.

“Er—no?” he sits down on his bed, shoulders back, spine ramrod straight. Habit. When he hears her voice. He still feels her nails in the back of his neck sometimes, like she’s trying to pull the spine out of his skin.

“No? I thought you were watching him!”

“Christ mom—“

“Don’t you take that tone with me.”

Sirius’s mouth snaps shut, glaring at the wall across from him. None of the lights in his room are on, the morning sun still dim where it sneaks past the curtains.

“Lucius told me he’s struggling. That the pressure is too much for him. Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was to hear?”

“He works all the time mom, cut him some sl—“

“As if last year wasn’t bad enough,” she goes on, clearly not listening to him. “I was barely able to keep that under wraps. And then there’s the…other stuff.”

Sirius feels himself go tense, his free hand curling up in his blankets. “Other stuff?”

“Is he dating anyone?”

“I don’t know.”

“You don’t know,” voice flat. “Tell me Sirius, is there anything you do know? Anything at all?”

He keeps his mouth shut. He’s pretty sure he can hear his teeth crack.

“No,” she says. “I didn’t think so.” There’s a pause and then. “It’s unnatural, a boy his age not seeing anyone. I tried to talk to his therapist about it, incredibly infuriating woman.”

Jesus. Christ.

“I don’t think it’s really your business whether or not he’s dating.”

“Of course it is, I’m his mother.”

Which is her answer for everything. Always has been.

“You need to take care of him Sirius, honest to god, or I’ll come up there and do it myself.”

“Is that what you think you’re doing mom?” he can’t help but snap back. “Taking care of him?”

He knows it’s a mistake. He does.

“Oh yes,” voice sharp. “I know, it was so hard on you wasn’t it? Your childhood was such a tragedy. I’ve heard your sob story before Sirius, spare me.”

It takes everything in him not to scream.

“Okay.”

“What you don’t understand is I was trying to help you. To guide you. But you couldn’t take it, you were too…spoiled,” he almost laughs. “Too soft. That’s always been your problem Sirius. Never strong enough. Regulus might struggle but at least he tries. At least he has the decency to be ashamed of his failures. You—you seem to enjoy them.”

“Okay.”

His mother lets out an exasperated sigh. “Have your brother call me.”

“Okay.”

The line goes dead.

Sirius sits there for a long time, staring at the wall in front of him, phone clutched between his hands. Trying not to completely lose it.

Eventually he gets up and starts to clean his room.

He re-folds his folded clothes.

Re-makes his made bed.

Re-organizes his organized desk.

And then he does it again. And again. And again.

Until it’s time to go to practice.

Remus isn’t home. He rarely is these days. Always studying at the Galley. And when he is here, he’s perpetually staring at his phone and…smiling. Which is fine. Obviously. Completely fine. Except that every time Sirius asks Remus what he’s smiling about he says nothing. Like a liar.

But Sirius is letting it go.

He can do that.

He can totally do that.

“Shit Sirius,” James skates up to him as the teammate he just rammed into the boards is being helped back to his feet. “You forget this is a practice? Against your own team?”

“Yeah. Sorry.”

James gives him a concerned once over, skating closer. “Hey? You okay?” he asks, voice low.

No.

He almost says it. But they’re in the middle of practice. Surrounded by their teammates. And quite frankly, Sirius would prefer not to think about it.

“Yeah,” he says, patting James on the shoulder as he skates off. “Fine. Just got a little carried away.” Like a liar.

 

 

His mother used to call a lot. When he first left. And mostly he didn’t answer. Sometimes he did. With Regulus, she can be soft. Kind. And Sirius used to think—used to hope—that maybe one day he would pick up the phone and she would be that way with him too.

It never happened though.

And then, eventually, she just…stopped calling. Now he barely ever hears from her. Or he had, before Regulus showed up. Sirius is trying very hard not to hate him for that. Because he’s glad he’s here, he is. Glad he’s out of that house. Away from their mother. But fuck does he wish it didn’t mean he had to get dragged back into this. It’s been too long since he’s dealt with her bullshit and he’s…what had she said? Oh yeah. Soft.

 

 

He stands at the sink, tap running, hands holding the sides. He can’t look in the mirror. He does know this is absolutely insane, really he does. The thing is…it helps. Scrubbing and scrapping until it burns. And then doing it a little more. It’s some kind of release. Like being able to breathe after holding your breath for a long time. Hours. Days. Weeks. The pain feels good, that’s the sick part. He likes it when he bleeds.

“Sirius?” he hears Peter walk into the bathroom behind him but he doesn’t look up. Eyes fixed on the drain and the water it’s swallowing. Using every ounce of the self-control he doesn’t have to keep his hands holding onto the sides.

“Yeah Pete?” he manages finally.

There’s a pause and then; “Ah—James said to let you know that he had to head out, but he’ll see you tomorrow in Biology.”

Sirius nods, still watching the drain. “Okay. Thanks.”

More silence, the water loud in Sirius’s ears.

“You—uh—you okay?”

Remus and Peter don’t really know—I mean, they have some idea that things at home were…not good, and that maybe it’s fucked Sirius up a bit. But Sirius has been ok the last few years, since he’s left home. And when he hasn’t been, it’s been easy enough to hide.

“Sirius?”

He grits his teeth. “Can you turn it off?” he says roughly.

“Turn it off?” Peter asks confused.

“The tap.”

His nails are biting into the porcelain, praying Peter doesn’t make him explain. Because he won’t. Can’t. He’ll just tell him to go, and he’ll probably listen. But Peter doesn’t ask anymore questions. Instead he walks forward, hand reaching in front of Sirius and shutting the water off. Sirius feels himself sag a little, letting out a shaky breath.

“Thanks,” he manages after a few seconds.

“Of course,” Peter hesitates, before reaching out and placing a tentative hand on Sirius’s back. He lets out a huff.

“Shit Pete, we’ve been friends for like fifteen years, you can touch me.”

Peter rubs a small circle between his shoulder blades. It’s nice. Comforting. Sirius focuses on that instead of the sick feeling that’s been sitting in his stomach since he hung up the phone this morning.

“It doesn’t always feel like I can though,” Peter says finally. “Touch you, I mean. You can get real far away Sirius. Sometimes it’s like James is the only one who can reach.”

Sirius squeezes his eyes shut, head hanging between his arms. He feels sweaty and tired and he isn’t sure if it’s from practice or the sink in front of him. “Sorry,” he manages finally. 

“S’okay. Just how it is.”

Broken, Sirius thinks.

That’s how it is.

A few more seconds pass before Peter speaks again. “You wanna go get something to eat? Drink?”

Sirius finally turns his head, finally able to tear his eyes away from the drain. Giving Peter a weak smile. “Raincheck? I don’t think I’m gonna be good company right now.”

Peter just nods. “Then I’ll walk you home.” Like it’s simple. Obvious. Of course he will.

Sirius doesn’t know why he gets choked up at that.

“Yeah…I…thanks.”   

 

 

Peter talks to him while he finishes getting dressed. About nothing really, inconsequential things, but he keeps them coming. Like he knows the silence will only send Sirius spiralling. He’s prattling on about whether or not the bread in the meal hall is actually made out of cardboard, when he comes to an abrupt stop.

They’re just outside the arena, in the parking lot, and at first Sirius doesn’t understand what’s happened. But then he spots Rosy talking to one of their other teammates a few cars away. He turns back to look at Peter who’s expression is panicked.

“Haven’t talked to him yet, then?”

The other boy visibly swallows before nodding in the opposite direction, “Lets go this way yeah?”

“You’re gonna have to do it eventually, you do know that right?”

“Uh-huh. This way?” he gestures very aggressively with his head.

Sirius rolls his eyes but follows him on a roundabout path out of the parking lot.

“James isn’t going to let it go,” he says as they finally reach the road.

Peter makes a noncommittal noise. “I know. I know,” and then, slightly under his breath; “He never lets anything go.”

Sirius gives him a sidelong look but decides not to comment. They turn down a street with big houses and bigger trees. There are kids on front lawns, with soccer balls and boxes of chalk. Something about these neighbourhoods always gives Sirius the creeps. All these perfect little families and their perfectly little homes. Makes his skin itch.

“I didn’t want to hurt him you know,” Peter says abruptly.

Sirius blinks, trying to catch up. “Rosy?”

Peter isn’t looking at him. “Yeah.”

“Right,” Sirius says. And then: “You thought it would be funny. I remember.” His voice is maybe a bit too cold.

Peter flinches, still not making eye contact. “I—“ his voice cuts out, the silence continuing for a whole block. “I just wanted to prove to myself that it wasn’t that bad you know? Funny—maybe that’s the wrong word but I—I wanted to see it for myself. So that I could know for certain that it was okay. That what happened to me was okay. I wanted to have something to fill those empty spaces in my head.”

Sirius sees the night in bits and pieces—their rookie party.

He’d been scared shitless if he’s honest.

Everything had felt a little out of control and not in a fun way. Like they were sitting on the edge of something violent.

“You wanted to fill in the gaps?”

Peter tugs on the strap of his bag. “Yeah.”

“And that was the only way you could think of doing it Peter? Really? Fucking Christ.” 

“Well what were my other options?” he snaps, finally looking at him. “You two won’t talk to me. You won’t tell me anything I—“ his voice breaks. “I have these hours of my life that I don’t remember. And you guys do. And you just—just decided we were never going to speak about it.”

“You don’t really—“ Sirius tries, frustrated. “It’s not really anything worth knowing.”

“And you get to make that decision for me?” he asks. “You two don’t have to talk to me but I have to talk to Rosy? That doesn’t seem fucking hypocritical to you?”

Sirius wants to say that it’s different. Because they didn’t do anything to Peter. It wasn’t their fault. But then, they didn’t stop it either, did they? I mean, James tried, but they could have done more. Could have walked out of that house, taken Peter with them. Could have knocked the cup from his hands. But they hadn’t.

Sirius lets out a long breath. Wondering how long this has been festering. The look on Peter's face says it's been years. 

“Okay,” he says finally. 

Peter blinks, clearly surprised. “Okay?”

“You’re right, it is fucking hypocritical.” He passes a hand over his face. “You want to know what happened that night? We’ll tell you, okay? I’m sorry we didn’t before. I’m sorry we didn’t realize how important it was. We thought—it seemed better this way. But we’ll talk. Not without James. But we will, okay?”

Peter’s silent for a moment. “Okay.”

Before he can think better of it, Sirius swings his arm around Peter’s shoulders and pulls him into his side, kissing the top of his head. “Love you dude.”

Peter lets out a huff. “Yeah, okay. Alright. Enough.” He tries to pull away but Sirius doesn’t let him.

“Nah, you gotta say it back man.”

“C’mon on!” struggling pointlessly. “Alright, alright—I love you too.”

“There we go,” giving Peter one more kiss before releasing him, the pair of them laughing.

He really does love him.

He loves all of them. 

 

 

Sirius is exhausted by the time he makes it home. His body feels heavy and his brain slow, and all he wants is to go to sleep. To shut it all off. To end this stupid fucking day.

He opens the door and freezes with his keys in the lock.

There are people making out on his couch. That’s what he thinks. His brain unwilling to describe the situation in anymore detail. People. Just people. Random people. On his couch. Making out. He slams the door shut.

Slam might be too delicate a word.

The wall shakes.

One of the people’s heads snaps up. Some guy. With very fluffy hair and very pink cheeks. Sirius hates him instantly.

“Oh shit,” he crawls backwards because, well, the people had really been going at it. On the couch. His couch. They’d basically been on top of each other. The other person pushes himself up, lips kissed red, eyes heavy-lidded before they grow wide at the sight of Sirius standing by the door.

The person.

Remus.

Person.

“Oh.”

Sirius gives him a razor sharp smile. “Well don’t be rude Remus. Introduce me to your friend that I’ve heard so much about.”

He’s never seen Remus look so guilty. 

“You been talking about me?”  the boy asks, sounding so obnoxiously happy about it that Sirius barely resists the urge to smash his pretty little face into the floor. Remus is still looking at Sirius though, so he doesn’t know that anything’s been said.

“This is—um—this is Fabian,” he gestures to him. “Fabian, this is my roommate Sirius.”

Roommate.

That word shouldn’t sting. He doesn’t know why it does. Except that it feels…dismissive.

“Ah,” Fabian says, “makes sense,” he gives Sirius a stupid looking smile, laughing nervously. His laugh is also stupid. “Hi.”

Sirius blinks slowly at him before turning his attention back to Remus who is eyeing him nervously.

Last time I checked you have a room. 

Remus grimaces.

I know. Sorry.

With a door and everything.

Yes. Alright. I said I was sorry, okay?

Whatever.

He starts walking towards his bedroom, spitting mad for reasons he can’t quite explain, even to himself.

“Sirius?”

But he doesn’t turn around, slamming his bedroom door too just for the hell of it. Remus won’t be able to hear it but his boy toy will. For a moment he just stands there, hands shaking at his sides. Eventually, he slides the bag off his shoulder. He should put it on the balcony to air out but he can’t be bothered.

He waits until he hears whispered voices and steps and the sound of another door closing—much more softly than his own—before he goes back out there. Right for the bathroom. He locks the door, turns the tap on and pauses. Just like he’d done at the rink, hands gripping both sides of the sink.

Don’t do this.

He begs himself.

Don’t do this

Don’t do this.

You’re better than this.

The problem is, he really isn’t. His mother was right. He can’t take it. Not strong enough. Never was.

 

He sighs with relief when he finally places his hands under the scalding water and starts to scrub.   

 
Notes:

    heyyyyyyyyyy

    LISTEN should Fabian probably be older than them? suuuuureeee, but also they're in college playing hockey so I've decided it doesn't matter.

    This was kind of like an angst sandwich huh? Which is what happens when you start a chapter with Regulus and end it with Sirius

    it'll get better though!

    And then it'll get worse...

    and then it'll get better again!

    ANYWAY now that I've explained how narratives work, thank you all for reading my lil story! I promise there will be more hockey content in the future!! And also more Marylily!

Chapter 11
Summary:

    Ladies and gentlemen Mambo No. 5

Notes:

    If you are reading this fic to learn about hockey . . . probably don't do that
    If you are reading this fic and you know about hockey . . . it could be MORE inaccurate, like it could be, I could have been worse, I could have been better, but I could have been worse.

    TW ED : Okay so, Regulus's issues with food are much more prominent in this chapter, his ED is not weight or body image related as much as it is anxiety/PTSD related, he does also have self-esteem issues though so it can get a bit complicated, it's centred much more on control than on a desire to look a specific way, he doesn't really calorie count (I mean definitely not in this chapter but it's possible he might mention them in a later chapter) he is a little bit obsessed with what is in food though, and how it looks and how it feels, he also has issues with feeling full - this is more about self harm than weight but those things of course can overlap.

    I'm trying to be as specific as possible here cause I know this is a very sensitive topic for people so please let me know if you think there's something else that should be mentioned!

    TW: Anxiety attack
    TW: dissociation
    TW: Implied racism (you don't hear what's said but it is implied that it's racist)
    TW: SO, there's a moment that I think could be triggering for people who are sensitive around situations of domestic violence, it just involves like, breaking things in a domestic context out of anger (dishes are smashed - it just gives me "punching holes in walls" vibes and so, you know, be aware - god I'm so bad at this I'm so sorry)

    I think that's it . . .

    Also that summary is so misleading this chapter is not that fun

    OH WAIT also chirp do you guys know what chirping is??? Probably? It's when you're flirting with someone but you are a hockey player so you have to pretend that you hate them while you do it (aka it's when players give each other shit, which is sometimes fun and light hearted and sometimes very much is not)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I James

 

When Regulus walks into James’s room he’s tense—he’s always tense, but this seems extreme. He barely makes eye contact with James and when James hands him the book, before sitting on the bed, Regulus stares at it like he thinks it’s going to bite him.

“Uh—Reg? You know you don’t have to—“

“It’s fine.”

The tone is sharp. Hard. And James holds up his hands in surrender, watching as Regulus gets onto the bed himself, leaving significantly more space between them than he had last time. Which—James is not the most observant guy in the whole world but even he can pick up on that. Regulus very clearly does not want to be touched.

James feels like he’s missed something. Maybe several things. 

“Regulus, honestly, forget it, I was—you don’t have to do this,” he’s not sure what he means. You don’t have to read the stupid poem. You don’t have to hang out in my room. You don’t have to kiss me again.

Oh but I hope you do.

He squints at the other boy. He can’t figure out what’s going on here. Is he being rejected? Because this feels like a rejection. But…at the same time, Regulus still showed up. Is, at this moment, sitting next to him on his bed, book in his hands. Looking pissed about it sure, but if he was trying to get James to back off surely he just wouldn’t have come?

You decided it would be a good idea to get with your best friend’s brother and now you’re fucking it up.

You. Moron.

“Do you want me to go?” Regulus asks, his tone is business like. Formal. James can’t get a read on it.

He laughs a little nervously, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I—It’s more that you don’t seem like you really want to be here?”

Regulus looks down at the book in his hands, fingers rubbing at the little blue soldiers, like he’s trying to get out a stain. “I—“ he grits his teeth, frustration playing across his face. “It’s hard for me. This…this stuff.”

James isn’t entirely sure what stuff they’re talking about but he nods anyway. “Ok. Cool.”

Regulus snorts. “Cool?”

Yeah. That was maybe not his best.

“I just mean that—that’s ok. As long as you want to be here?”

Regulus bites down on his lower lip, pausing for a long time before he looks up at James through his lashes and James feels his whole body react. God, this kid is so bad for his heart.

“I want to be here.”

He opens the book.

 

 

Don’t ask James how they end up spooning.

He has no idea.

Somehow they just…melt together. Like they can’t help it. He doesn’t remember deciding to move. But one minute they’re on opposite ends of the bed and then all of a sudden they’re…not. 

“Aeneas feasted his eyes on the sight of his spoils, this reminder of his own wild grief.”

Regulus is pressed to his chest, warm and solid, his words a little slow. It’s late.

“Then, burning with mad passion and terrible wrath, he cried: ‘Are you to escape me now, wearing the spoils stripped from the body of those I loved?”

Regulus has three freckles at the nape of his neck, just where his hairline ends. They almost look like a little constellation. James has been thinking about kissing them for the last hour.

Licking them.

Biting them.

“Blazing with rage, he plunged the steel full into his enemy’s breast. The limbs of Turnus were dissolved in cold and his life left him with a groan, fleeing in anger down to the shades.”

He wonders if Regulus has other freckles. There aren’t really any on his face, though he does have a mole near the hinge of his jaw. He wonders if one day he’ll have the chance to seek them out. If he’ll know the topography of Regulus’s body. Keep a map of it in his head. Something about that idea makes James’s stomach flutter.

It takes a second before James realizes that the other boy has stopped reading. “Tired?” he asks, his voice is a little thick, sleepy.

“That’s it.”

James blinks, confused. “That’s it?” and then: “Wait—that’s the end?”

“Yeah.”

“Shit.”

Regulus snorts, it’s a juvenile sound, the type he doesn’t usually let himself make. He’s held together so tightly. In a way Sirius never has been. James is desperate to take him apart. Without thinking he starts nuzzling at his neck.

Instantly Regulus stiffens and James stops.

“Er—sorry I—“ he goes to pull away but Regulus grabs hold of his arm, holding it in place around his waist.

“No it’s—you—it’s okay.”

He wishes he could see his face. “You’re sure?”

“Yes.”

And well—James can’t help it. He kisses the freckles. Each one. Smiling when he does. Feeling accomplished.

Except…

He sighs, dropping his forehead against Regulus’s back. “Reg—“

“It’s okay.”

“It’s just—I have a hard time believing that when you’re not breathing.”

Regulus makes an unimpressed noise. “I’m breathing.”

“Barely.”

There is a moment of silence just long enough for James to start to feel like maybe he needed to say something else, but before he can Regulus is pulling away. Out of his arms. Out of his bed. Still rumpled, a red mark on his cheek from where he’d been leaning on his arm while reading.

“I should go.”

James feels his heart sink as he pushes himself up. “I—okay.”

Regulus just nods, stiff, jerky movements. “Yeah,” he runs a hand through his hair. “I should go,” more to himself this time as he starts looking for his stuff.

James’s throat feels tight as he sits on his bed, watching Regulus grab his backpack. His shoes. Fingers trembling as he does up his laces. James doesn’t understand. He’s never dealt with this before. With Lily it was just…simple. They always felt like they were on the same page. To be honest, James isn’t sure him and Regulus have ever been on the same page.

“Regulus,” he says as the younger boy starts heading for the door. This moment an exact replica of the other night. James wonders if this will be what it’s always like. Always watching Regulus walk away from him. 

“Don’t—James,” Regulus gives him a pained expression but James doesn’t know why. “We shouldn’t be doing this.”

There barely is a “this”.

It’s only a fledgling thing.

Trying to poke its head out. Be something more.

James has the horrible feeling he’s just smothered it.

“Okay,” he says, and then: “You said you wanted to be here?”

Regulus gives him an exasperated look. “I—why do you want me here?”

“What?” James blinks, squinting up at him.

Regulus makes a frustrated noise, pulling on the straps of his bag. “You could be with anyone.”

Honestly James really isn’t following. “I’m not sure that’s true.” He’s also not sure if it’s a compliment? It doesn’t sound like one the way Regulus says it.

“You could. So I don’t know why you would settle for someone who doesn’t—who can’t even—who’s basically as useless as a fifteen year old.” 

“A what?” James shakes his head, trying to get his thoughts straight. “Regulus, what are you talking about?”

“You said—“

“I said?”

“That being with me was like being with a teenager.”

Regulus is eighteen and therefore very much a teenager. But James chooses not to point that out.

“I said that? When did I say that?” he wracks his brain. He says some stupid shit sometimes, but that sounds out of pocket even for him.

“You—“ Regulus adjusts, nervously. “Last time.”

“Last time?” James repeats slowly, and then: “I told you you were going to make me come.”

“Like a fifteen year old. Like someone who doesn’t know what they're doing. You told me to stop.”

“I—“ but James can’t help it, he laughs, running a hand over his face. Regulus is not amused by this.

“Fuck it, I’m—“

“Regulus, can you just sit down?” he pats the mattress beside him. “Please? I think we need to talk.”

Regulus just glares at him. “Talk?” skeptically, like he suspects James of having some ulterior motive.

“Yeah,” he says, equal parts fond and exasperated. He pats the mattress again, and after a few more seconds of hesitating, Regulus relents. Though James isn’t sure that what Regulus does can be considered sitting. He's barely on the bed, muscles tense, looking like he’s ready to bolt at any sudden movement.

James exhales, trying to parcel through everything that’s just happened. To get to the root of it. Eventually he just blurts out, “I’ve only had sex with one person.” Regulus turns to him, eyes big—surprised. James can’t help but laugh. “Oh come on, I’ve been dating Lily since I was sixteen, what did you expect?” he rubs at the back of his neck. “You know, there were—parties—hook-ups, but I never, never went that far with anyone else.”

Regulus is still staring at him, less surprised now, more…assessing. Like he’s making a pros and cons list in his head. James gets the feeling Regulus doesn’t do much without thinking through every possible bad outcome first.

“I—“ he coughs clearing his throat. “I’ve never. With anyone. Not…not any of it.” He looks away now, fingers picking themselves apart in his lap.

“Okay,” James says, he’d mostly figured that much. “So…so maybe just…help me out here a bit. Do you not want to?”

Regulus rolls his eyes, his next words a whisper. “I want to.”

“But…?” He waits, but Regulus doesn’t speak, just staring down at his lap. “Is it too soon—or too fast or whatever? Because I get that.” Still Regulus is silent, the moment dragging on. Dragging on too long. The room feels packed tight with tension. With fear. And he wants to fix it, but he isn’t sure what to do? How to make Regulus understand that he really doesn't mind. Not at all. Not even a little. How to say it without sounding patronizing. Or polite. “Hey,” he nudges Regulus’s foot with his. “Whatever it is, it’s fine ok? Reg? It’s fine. I promise. But I’m gonna need you to say something ok? One word? I’m desperate here.”

Regulus sighs, closing his eyes for a second and then opening them again. “I—sorry. It’s sometimes hard to…” he shakes his head at himself. “My words get stuck when I don’t want to talk about something. When I get anxious it—like I can see them and hear them but I can’t—I can’t say them.”

James nods. “Okay. Is—am I making you nervous?”

Regulus laughs dryly. “Yes.”

James blinks. “Really?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

Regulus scoffs, still staring down at his lap. There’s another long pause. “I—like—this,” words dragged kicking and screaming from his mouth.

James smiles a little. “Yeah?” trying and failing not to sound too eager. “Me too. I like this too.”

This.

This little maybe something.

This one day.

This could be.

If we water it and give it lots of sun.

Maybe this could grow.

This. This. This.

“I’m going to mess it up.”

James blinks, coming back to the present, to the boy in front of him, with the nervous bouncing leg and frowning mouth.

“What?”

He shakes his head. “I—this isn’t supposed to be happening. And at some point the universe is going to correct itself, so I just,” he lets out a heartbroken laugh that makes James want to pull him back onto the bed. “No point getting attached.”

“Wasn’t supposed to happen? What does that mean?”

Fuck, he is so out of his depths here.

“You need me to spell it out for you?”

“Yes.”

Regulus shoots him a look, and then: “You’re my brother’s best friend," he laughs humourlessly. "Actually, you're more his family than I am if we’re being honest. And besides, I can’t be…I can’t be gay. Not really. Not properly. Not after I leave here.”

“Regulus—“

“And neither can you.”

That takes James by surprise. “What?”

And now the other boy looks at him. Gaze unwavering. “You’re going to be a star James, and NHL poster boys aren’t queer. The fans wouldn’t stand for it. Neither would the league. Don’t give me that look like you don’t know it’s true.”

James doesn’t know what kind of look he’s giving him. He hadn’t really thought about it, what it would mean. Being with Regulus. Playing hockey. Not sure he wants to think about it.

“The league is changing.”

Regulus’s smile is not entirely pleasant. “Is it? Is it really? You listen to the shit they say behind closed doors? On the ice? You don’t know, you don’t get it, not yet. You wait until you realize they’re talking about you. You think it’ll be the disgust that hurts the most but it isn’t. It’s the ridicule,” his voice is cold. “You wait until you’re a joke James Potter and then you tell me how much the fucking league has changed.”

 James wants to push back. Because some of the best people he's ever met have been in those locker rooms. On that ice. Some of the most important people in his life. He knows there are bad bits, he does, after everything that's happened this fall he really does. But he loves his boys. And he thinks, when push comes to shove, that they'd have his back on this.

But then, he's not sure that this is really about hockey. 

“Regulus,” once he manages to work words into his mouth, “is it sex you’re scared of? Or is it being gay? Is that why you keep running for that door every chance you get?”

The younger boy gives him an empty smile. “Your mistake is thinking I’m only afraid of one thing.”

He can’t help it, it’s instinct, he reaches out, squeezing Regulus’s arm. “Reg.”

Regulus looks at the place where they meet. “You see though? It’s all a mess. We’re a mess. I shouldn’t have come tonight.” 

James licks his lips, squeezing Regulus’s arm just a little bit tighter. “But you wanted to? You want to be here?” voice weak, desperate, maybe begging just a little. Just a lot. Regulus is still staring at James’s hand where it grips his arm. After a few seconds he brings his own hand up, fingers tracing James’s knuckles.

“Yeah,” he says finally. “Yeah I want to be here.”

James gives him a small tug and Regulus falls forward, stopping himself with his other arm as he looks up at James. 

“I can’t have this,” he says a little desperately. “I can’t have this. And you’re going to figure that out. That I’m not worth the hassle. And then you’ll leave. So its self-preservation, really.”

James gives him another light pull, Regulus practically in his lap now. “Walking away you mean?”

Regulus’s eyes are big and confused and very close. “Yes,” searching James’s face. “I’m afraid of all of this.” 

“Don’t be.”

“James—“

“I want you to be here too. Can’t that be enough? Does the rest have to matter? The whole world isn’t in this room Regulus,” he drops his forehead down against the other boy’s. “Not your mother, not the NHL, not Sirius. Just us. And you can’t mess it up, you can’t, because I want you. I want you even when you stumble. Even when you don’t know the answer. I want you even when you make mistakes. You can’t mess it up. I promise. I promise. I—”

Regulus kisses the third promise out of his mouth. 

 

 

Sirius slides into the passenger side of his car grinning, and James can’t help but grin back.

“Game day.”

“Game day.”

“Fucking love game day.”

James laughs as he pulls away from the curb. “Moony coming later?”

Sirius—who had been fiddling with the aux cord—drops his phone. “Shit,” he mutters, ducking down and scrambling for it on the floor. Even when he straightens back up he doesn’t answer right away. “Nah,” he says eventually, something new in his voice. Tense. “Don’t think he’s coming to this one.”

James looks over at him but Sirius is staring straight ahead. James frowns. “Oh? Midterm shit?”

Another long pause. “Yeah, maybe, I dunno. I think he’s just…got stuff on.” Sirius goes back to plugging in his phone, James shooting him another concerned look.

“You two okay? Not arguing about the dishes again are you?” he tries for brevity but it doesn’t really land.

“We’re fine,” Sirius says, before playing Mambo No. 5 so loudly that talking is effectively impossible.

James takes the hint.

 

 

“It’s their defence we’ll have to watch out for,” James is saying as they get out of his car at the rink.

“You think?” Sirius falling into step beside him, walking towards the arena.

“They’re a big team.”

“Yeah, but we’ve got Rosy,” he gives James a grin.

“Rosy’s one guy, and he’s a rookie.”

“A damn good rookie.”

“Sure. But still. They’re gonna push him tonight and if he gets in trouble we’re gonna have no one to back him up.”

Sirius elbows James playfully in the side. “What, you mean you’re not gonna drop your gloves and start throwing punches? C’mon captain.”

“Listen, I’ll—“

“James Fleamont Potter.”

James blinks, coming to a stop just in front of the arena doors. Him and Sirius share a look.

“That,” Sirius says slowly, “sounded like—“

“Mom?” James demands as he looks over his shoulder to find his parents walking towards them. Both decked out in Godric swag—maroon sweatshirts with lion faces on them, his mother with honest-to-god face paint on her cheeks. Subtlety is not a word in the Potter household.

“I told her to call,” his dad says as they reach them. “But she wanted it to be a surprise.”

“I just love seeing the look of horror on your face,” his mother reaches over pulling James into her arms. She’s a couple inches shorter than him, but in James’s mind his mother will always be ten feet tall.

“Sirius,” she flaps her hand at the other boy, “get in here!”

James groans. “Group hug mom? Really?”

“Yes, hush, I have to be as embarrassing as possible. It’s a personal goal of mine.”

James rolls his eyes but Sirius laughs, his mother holding on fiercely for a few seconds before eventually letting them go.

“Sirius darling, look at your hair!” she reaches out and gives it a light tug. “It’s getting so long, I love it! You look like some sort of heartthrob on the cover of a magazine.”

“MOM.”

Sirius only laughs. “Thanks Mrs. P.” smiling at her fondly. Sirius always goes soft around James’s mom.

“You see that?” she smacks James in the chest. “Sirius loves me.”

“Yeah well, that’s cause Sirius is a suck-up.”

“James, no name calling.”

“Yeah James,” Sirius sticks his tongue out at him, like they’re five.

“Wow, I can’t call him names but he can do that?” James gestures at Sirius, but his mom only stares blankly back at him.

“Do what?”

James throws his arms up in the air while Sirius snickers. “This family is ridiculous.”

“You only figuring that out now?” Fleamont squints at his son. “How did you get into College again?”

“Shoot puck real good,” Sirius answers happily.

“Ah, yes, that makes sense.”

“Hey,” James points at his father. “Don’t you start.”

Fleamont only laughs, clapping his son on the back. “How’re we feeling about the game?”

“Good,” Sirius says cheerily, apparently in a much better mood than he was in the car.

“We’re worried about defence,” James adds more seriously.

His father nods. “They like to check.”

“They sure do.”

“You don’t think you’re going to be able to answer back?”

“We have Rosy!” Sirius very helpfully points out. 

Fleamont looks at him. “The rookie?” and then back to James. “You think he’ll be able to hold your blue line together?”

James grimaces. Honestly, he doesn’t know. “I guess we’ll see." 

Fleamont gives him a smile, squeezing his shoulder. “Yes we will.”

 

 

Ow.

James thinks as he gets to his hands and knees, trying to catch his breath, the entirety of his left side screaming after being slammed into the boards. Sirius skates up next to him.

“You okay?”

“Yeah,” James wheezes. He takes in a deep breath before getting back to his feet.

“You good Potter?” One of the refs asks as he skates up.

James nods. “All good.”

“Motherfucker,” Sirius curses at the ref’s retreating back. “Didn’t even call it.”

“It was a clean hit Pads,” James pats his friend on the back. It was clean. Brutal but clean. That’s been the theme all night.

They take their places at the face off.

Lockhart grins at him. “Tough hit Potter, sure you don’t need a break?”

James just stares blankly back at him.

“Took you a while to get back up this time.”

It is the third time James has been knocked off his skates this game and he’s getting really fucking tired of it, if he’s being honest.

“You worried about me? How sweet.”

“You know, they say you’re a big deal. But personally, I don’t see it.”

“Oh well, my goal in life is to impress the—what is it? 9th best forward in the league?” James snorts. “You’re not even the best forward on your team.”

James wins the face off, taking off down the ice. Thing is, for all their muscle, the Ravens are slow as shit. If him and Sirius can just get ahead of them, just not give them the chance to pin them then—

The whistle blows.

“Fuck. What the hell is—“

He turns around to find Rosy down at the other end of the ice, gloves and helmet off, circling one of the Ravens’ players.

He blinks.

“What.”

The other player grabs hold of the front of Rosy’s jersey and throws a punch. James can’t tell if it lands or not because Rosy doesn’t react. Too busy throwing his own. That one lands. That one definitely lands. Sending the other guy sprawling across the ice.

“WHAT?!” James demands of literally no one, the refs swarming the two players, pulling them off of each other and towards their respective sides. James. Is. Livid.

“Well,” Sirius says as he skates up beside him, smiling, like a bastard. Like they didn’t just lose their best defenceman probably for the rest of the game. “That was entertaining.”

“I’m going to kill him.”

He skates towards Rosy who is still being dragged off the ice by the ref, pushing back a little as he shouts profanities across the rink.

“Come at me again motherfucker! Come at me again and you’ll—“

“ROSY,” James shouts over him, the younger boy’s eyes going to him immediately. “SHUT. UP.”

“Thank you,” the ref mutters under his breath.

“What the fuck was that?” James points behind them.

“I—“

“You realize you probably just cost us this fucking game?”

“I—“

“Cause there’s no way you’re getting less than—“

“It’s a game disqualification Potter, you know that. He’s out this game and the next.”

“THIS GAME AND THE NEXT!”

Rosy actually flinches.

“The fuck made you think punching him was worth that?”

They’ve reached the boards at this point and the ref looks between the two. “You gonna start trying to fight again?” he asks Evan, who shakes his head, pale faced and doe eyed, looking at James.

The ref nods at James. “You have thirty seconds, then the game is starting again and his ass better be off the ice.”

He skates off, leaving them alone, Evan cowering.

“This isn’t the NHL.”

“I know,” he sounds miserable.

“You can’t just fucking drop your gloves—we need you, you understand? The team needs you and you just let that fucker goad you into giving them the advantage.”

Rosy sighs, running a hand over his face, it's flushed all down his neck, hair plastered to his head with sweat. James can see now, the small bruise starting to form at the hinge of his jaw. He was hit then.

“I’m sorry,” he says finally. “I’m sorry. I know. I—he was just,” he looks at James and then away, down at the ice. “He was saying some real vile shit and it—“

“Yeah that’s his goddamn job. You never had anyone chirp you before Rosy? Jesus Christ!”

“No not like this, this shit was—it was gross, it was…” but he doesn’t finish and James now feels thoroughly confused.

“What could he have said? I mean what the hell could he have said about you that would set you off like that?”

He’s still looking down at the ice, James can see the muscles working in his jaw as he clenches his teeth.

“POTTER!” the ref shouts behind them. “TEN SECONDS.”

“Well?” he demands. “Anything?”

“It wasn’t about me,” Evan says finally, and seemingly unwillingly. Like the information is being pried from him.

James’s brow furrows. “It wasn’t about you?” he repeats. “Who was it about?”

Rosy looks up from the ice then, meets James’s eyes for just long enough that he gets it.

“Me.”

Ah.

Well.

That makes a bit more sense.

See, Regulus thinks he doesn’t get it. But he does. He always has. Maybe the sexuality shit is new to him, but his skin colour is not. No hiding that. Not in this sport.

He gives himself five seconds to feel it.

He doesn’t need to imagine the things the Raven's player said.

He’s heard them all before.

Five seconds.

One.

Two.

Three.

Four.

Five

He exhales, forcing his shoulders to relax.

“I don’t need you to protect me Rosy,” he says.

Evan gives him an exasperated look. “If they’re gonna say that shit, I’m gonna punch them. On or off the ice.”

James can’t help the small uptick in the corner of his mouth.

“POTTER!” this time it’s Moody, practically hanging over the boards. “GET YOUR ASS TO CENTRE ICE!”

James reaches out, grabbing the back of Rosy’s neck and tapping his forehead with his helmet. “I’m still pissed at you.”

“I know.”

“But unofficially,” he grins. “Nice right-hook rookie.”

And with that he takes off.   

 

 

They don’t lose.

Somehow.

A miracle.

“That,” Fleamont says when they meet them outside the locker room, “was amazing!” he’s grinning and James can’t help but feel that little spark of childish joy. He did good. He made them proud. That’s all he’s ever really wanted.

“It was close,” is what he says, but Fleamont shakes his head.

“It was brilliant. You did brilliantly,” he pulls James in, kissing his temple. “Best game I’ve seen in months!” 

“He was singing both your praises the entire last period. Wouldn’t shut-up about it. Very boring,” Effie winks at James.

“Well!” Fleamont gestures with his hands. “It was playoff level hockey.”

“Careful Monty,” Sirius says, even though James can see him blushing. “You’ll give us big heads.”

“Bigger heads,” Effie corrects. They share a look.

There’s a shout down the hall that has them all turning to watch Cerci Greengrass launch herself at Rosy a few feet away.

“THAT WAS INCREDIBLE!” she shouts as he catches her, “Oh my god, I’ve never seen a fight before! You were so good at it!”

“He was stupid,” Regulus corrects, James’s stomach doing a little flip as he comes into view.

“Trust me,” Rosy he puts a bouncing Cerci down. “I know it.”

Effie leans into Sirius’s side. “Is that your brother?” she asks. “Because otherwise I think I’ve found your twin.”

James makes a face, he’s not sure he likes that comparison. Also. He doesn’t see it. Regulus and Sirius, they’re just—completely different. The way they carry themselves. The expressions their faces make. The looks in their eyes.

“Yeah, he—he comes to all our games.” Sirius clears his throat then, a little too late. They’ve all heard it. The emotion in that. The feeling. It matters to him, that Regulus is here. And James feels a wave of nausea wash over him, at the thought that he’s putting something very delicate in jeopardy.

“You should invite him to come out with us,” Effie says.

James arches his brow. “Out?”

His mother looks at him. “To get food—don’t tell me you aren’t starving?”

“After that game I’ll buy you guys anything you want,” Fleamont still grinning broadly at them. Like he’s the one who’s just won a game. 

Effie gives Sirius a little nudge. “Invite him.”

“You sure?” Sirius asks.

She smiles at him—fond, soft. “Of course.”

“Yeah okay, I—yeah.”

“Invite Rosy and Cerci too,” James says as Sirius starts to head in their direction.

“Will do captain!”

James should probably be more nervous about this. He hasn’t had to be around Regulus in group since they started doing whatever it is that they’re doing. And they haven’t exactly decided what the rules are yet. Though James thinks he’s gathered enough to know that this isn’t something Regulus is willing to acknowledge in public. Which is okay. Probably for the best. Still. Makes it all very complicated. He should be nervous. But the thing is, the stupid, ridiculous thing, is he kind of wants it. Wants Regulus to meet his parents. Wants them all to be together, the people he cares about.

During the small interim of silence his mum has moved closer to him, watching as Sirius awkwardly asks his baby brother if he wants to come to dinner.

“What’s he like?” she whispers.

James blinks, looking over at her. “Who? Regulus?”

“Of course Regulus!”

He looks back at the younger boy, with his curly dark hair and serious face. He’s seen that mask crack before. Seen it smile. Laugh. Kissed raw.

“He’s nice.”

 

 

Part II Regulus

 

Fuck.

Fuck.

Fuck.

He hates this.

He hates this.

But he couldn’t say no. He couldn’t. Not when Sirius was standing there asking him to come out to dinner like it mattered. Like he was saying,

hi

hey

look

this is my life

this is my family

I never meant to leave you behind

I always wanted to bring you with me

so will you                                 

                      will you

                                      will you come

                                                              please?

 

And he couldn’t say no. He couldn’t. But the minute they step into the restaurant he feels every morsel of his being revolt. It’s just that. He wasn’t expecting this. He hadn’t planned for it. He didn’t get the chance to look up the restaurant. The menu. To pick every dish apart until he found the one that fit his boxes. One that felt safe. He’s definitely worked on this in therapy, he tries to remember what it is he’s supposed to do again. He thinks fucking relax is probably in there somewhere.

James doesn’t try to sit next to him. He’s grateful. It would make this worse. He can’t look him in the eye, can’t look anyone in the eye, just doing his best to be normal. To be okay. This is okay. Fuck. This is okay. It is. It is. Normally people don’t have panic attacks about eating out at restaurants.

“——lus?”

He blinks, looking up to find Mrs. Potter staring at him from across the table. He’s almost positive she’s been speaking to him. James’s mum. And Sirius’s—Sirius’s mom too, in a way. A way that stings. A way that makes him almost as angry as it does scared. Scared that she is so important and Regulus is just as he always is.

Inadequate.

“Sorry,” he manages after a bit of difficulty, he’s sweating he thinks, hands clammy and shaky as he tries to smile at her. “I missed that, did you say something?”

There's a flash in her eyes that Regulus doesn't quite understand, but makes him certain he isn't playing normal very well.

“I was just wondering how you’re finding it? School? I know first year can be a bit tough, especially at the start, being on your own. Though I suppose you aren’t really on your own,” she nods her head towards Sirius who is sat beside him, though currently engaged in a very heated debate about goalies.

Regulus swallows. “Yeah. I—“ I barely speak to him. I’ve avoided him most of the semester. I think he’s trying but I can’t. I can’t. I can’t let him in until I’ve sorted this out. This. He almost laughs. Me. Until I’ve sorted me out. I’ll only remind him why he left in the first place.

Because it couldn’t have just been Walburga.

Not really.

Regulus was part of it too.

Part of the thing that Sirius wanted nothing to do with.

Maybe more than a part. Maybe he was the problem. The broken bit that stopped the rest of them working. The rot. At the centre. Making them all go bad. He needs to fix himself and then he can have Sirius. And then he can have James. If they just give him a bit more time. He just needs more—

“Are you lot ready to order?” the waitress smiles as she stands at the head of the table.

Regulus thinks he’s gonna be sick. 

 

   

He orders spaghetti because he’s had that before. But he doesn’t recognize the sauce. His hand is twitching, desperate to reach for his phone to look it up but he’s worried someone might notice and that would be weird. Cerci and Evan are now talking to Mrs. Potter which is good. Means that no one is looking at him, no one is watching, no one is paying attention.

He doesn’t like the way the food looks piled in front of him. Doesn’t like the way it feels when he curls it around his fork. Doesn’t like how much there is. That he didn’t put it there himself. That this has all been entirely out of his control and he keeps trying to figure out how to feel back in control and what the hell is even in this? He wants a list. He wants it all broken apart. He can’t eat it. He can’t eat. It’ll be too heavy. He’ll be too full. The thought makes him queasy. Makes him light headed. He had a plan. This wasn’t the plan. He didn’t—he didn’t—if he had known ahead of time maybe he could have—

“Oh come on, it’s a sick move, you know it is,” Sirius is saying as, casual as anything, he reaches over and starts scooping Regulus’s food onto his plate.

“It’s showboating.”

Sirius scoffs. “It gets the puck in the net! How can it be showboating if it’s genuinely useful?”

And suddenly Regulus is nine years old again.

“Your mom says you have to finish everything on your plate Regulus.”

“If you don’t I’ll have to go get her.”

“Alright. That’s it.”

Regulus can already feel himself starting to cry.

But then Sirius is there, stuffing forkfuls of food in his mouth. Cleaning the plate. 

“It’s not proper hockey.”

A collective groan irrupts from the table as Sirius places Regulus’s plate back down. No one batting an eye. Regulus swears no one ever sees anything Sirius does as long as he smiles while he does it.

“Yes and why don’t you enlighten us all dear,” Mrs. Potter says flatly. “What is proper hockey?”

Regulus just keeps staring at his plate. Empty now. Or just about. It blurs. Hands shaking where they sit in his lap.

“I’m just gonna go to the washroom,” he says under his breath, mostly to Cerci, who gives him a worried look but doesn’t say anything. Thankfully.

It’s empty, which is nice, Regulus grabbing either side of the sink and dropping his head. Breathing in and out through his mouth.

“Sirius you’ll get in trouble!”

But his older brother only winks, swallowing the last bite as they hear footsteps.

“Just say it was you. They won’t know.”

His breath shakes on the way out.

Nothing changes.

Nothing ever fucking changes.

He hears the door open, instantly straightening up only to find Sirius in the mirror in front of him, standing by the door, hands in his pockets.

“Hey.”

Regulus almost cringes. He’s heard that “hey” before.

“I ate before the game,” words coming out too quickly. He knows. 

Sirius only nods. “Okay.”

“I did.”

“I believe you.”

Regulus doesn’t think that’s true but he doesn’t push him. Can't see the point when they both know he's lying. He turns the tap on just to have something to do. The water is too cold but he doesn’t try to fix it, it might even help a little. Grounding him. He reaches for the paper towels, drying his hands slowly. Avoiding turning around. But eventually he’s forced to, Sirius still standing there, waiting.

“You okay Reg?” he asks finally.

Regulus hates that question.

Never has an answer for it that he wants to give.

“Yeah. Of course.”

Sirius eyes him with concern. People say they look alike. Regulus sees it and he doesn’t. The basics are there maybe. But Sirius is a little taller. Holds himself with a little more comfort. Hair hanging in long dark waves around his face, still damp from the shower at the rink. Sirius’s eyes are silver. Regulus’s are grey. Sirius sparkles. Regulus is dull.

“You had a therapist back home yeah?”

Regulus grits his teeth. “You know I did.”

Sirius nods. “You got someone here?”

“I feel like we’ve already had this conversation,” his arms are stiff at his sides, hands in fists.

“We haven’t.”

“We have. You asked if I was okay, I told you I was. I asked you to believe in me, you said that you would.”

Sirius just stares at him for a moment before— “It’s not about not believing in you.”

“Yes,” bitingly. “Yes it is. I have everything under control.”

He doesn’t.

Not at all.

Not even a little.

How fucking embarrassing. How fucking embarrassing that he can’t even eat out at a restaurant without his big brother rescuing him. He wonders what James is thinking. Probably fucking grateful he doesn’t have to tell his parents he’s been fooling around with some kid who can’t even feed himself. Who can’t even think properly most of the time. Feel properly.

“So you are seeing someone? You’re taking your meds?”

Regulus doesn’t blink.

“Yes.”

The lying is part of it. Almost inescapably. It comes so easily nowadays that sometimes Regulus even believes himself.

He did eat. Of course he did. Why wouldn’t he? Why wouldn’t he?

Slowly, Sirius nods. “Okay. Just you—“

“-can talk to you," he finishes for him. "I know.”

He thinks he sees Sirius flinch. “Right.”

“Are you actually going to the washroom or did you just follow me in here to hover?” he wishes his mouth would stop speaking. He’s all nervy tension. All cornered fear. An animal in a cage.

Sirius rolls his eyes. “Don’t be a dick.”

“I’m not. But I already have one overbearing mother. I don’t need another.”

Sirius goes stock still then, tension running through his whole body. And Regulus knows. Knows that was out of line. Way. Way. Way. out of line. He needs to apologize. Right now. He—he—but his chest feels too tight. The air isn’t coming in. The words aren’t coming out. Brain skipping like a scratched record.

You shouldn’t have said that.

Shouldn’t have said that.

Said that.

Said that.

Said. Said. Said. Said. said.said.said. 

“Okay Regulus. Message received. I’ll stay out of your fucking way, yeah?”

The door opens. It closes.

Regulus doesn’t move. Room blurry.

He can’t make it stop.

His head—he can’t—his chest squeezes so tight it hurts and he doesn’t know how to make it stop. It’s caught the word and it won’t let it go.

The mistake.

He just keeps—

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid

saidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaidsaid s  aid  s      a  id   s  a      i   D        s     A     i     D   

 

 

Part III Evan

 

The Potters drop them back off at the dorms. Regulus doesn’t speak. Hasn’t really, since dinner. Since maybe before. Least not more than clipped one word answers. Cerci is walking next to him but she’s not speaking either, just brushing up against his shoulder every once in a while, sending him nervous looks.

“Is he alright?” James asks, voice low.

Evan isn’t sure why he lies exactly. Loyalty he guesses. “Yeah, I think he’s just tired.”

James nods, still staring at the other boy nervously.

“Speaking of,” Evan goes on, wanting to fill the silence. “You must be fucking exhausted. You got checked, what? Twice tonight? Three times?”

James half-laughs half-groans. “I’m so fucking sore,” and then, giving Evan a shove. “Your fault.”

“Sorry,” he grimaces. “Listen James, I—“

But James cuts him off with the wave of his hand. “It’s fine.”

Evan gives him a disbelieving look and James huffs. “Yeah I mean, you deserved to get your ass handed to you, by me and coach. But…” James shrugs. “It’s done now, we move on. Just, you know, don’t let that stuff get to you.”

Evan looks at James and then away. “How? I mean fuck James he was being so…” he doesn’t want to get into it. Couldn’t say it. Can’t really think about it.

James shrugs again. “I like to focus on how good it’s gonna feel to win. To make the fuckers have to look me in the eye and shake my hand and admit to themselves that I was better than them,” he smiles then. “I really love winning.”

Evan laughs.”I—“ but at that moment his phone starts buzzing. He pulls it out without thinking, it’s probably his mom or—

“Rosy?”

Evan looks up, James now a few steps ahead of him because he’s just stopped in the middle of the sidewalk.

“Uh—sorry,” he shakes his head, phone still buzzing in his hands. “I gotta take this.”

James nods. “Got it. See you tomorrow, yeah?”

“Yeah,” Evan says a little shakily.

He walks to the side of the residence building, leaning against the wall, hands cold—he forgot his gloves. He gives himself another five seconds before he lifts the phone to his ear, not to sure what to expect.

“Hey.”

“What the fuck was that Rosier?”

Stupid. But it’s the first time Evan’s heard his voice since they saw each other and he can’t help smiling a little.

“Sorry, what?”

“A fucking fight?”

Evan blinks. “How do you know about that?”

“Griffin’s twitter account.”

“You keeping tabs on me?”

“You’re our rivals.”

Ah. Of course. Hockey.

“Then shouldn’t you be happy?”

“You think the scouts aren’t keeping track of this shit Evan? You think they aren’t watching?”

“They want me to fight—“

“To help your team win! Not to cost them the game! That kind of stunt is going to put teams off!”

Evan sighs, leaning his head back against the wall and closing his eyes. This reminds him of being in the locker room. Especially those first few weeks after Barty got there. The way he would tear into everyone. No one ever good enough. Not even himself.

“You need to be smarter than this—you need to think about your fucking future. Jesus Christ. They weren’t even a—“

“I learned a new butterfly fact,” Evan interrupts, cutting off Barty’s lecture. There’s a moment of silence.

“What.”

“Butterflies abandon their eggs,” he goes on. “They just stick them to leaves and then fly off. Don’t ever come back. Did you know that? Seems a bit cold to me but…”

Barty is still quiet. He’s quiet for a long time. But he doesn’t hang-up and neither does Evan.

“What are you doing?” 

Evan lets out a breath, opening his eyes and staring up at the night sky. “Don’t call me if you’re just going to treat me like I’m some guy you used to play hockey with, I—“ he has to work to get his words to come out. “Cause I can’t do that Bee. I can’t pretend like you can.”

More silence. Evan waits. He’s used to it, with Barty.

“Are you hurt?” he asks in a small voice. “They didn’t say—gloves off, game disqualification—but they didn’t say if you were hurt and I looked but I couldn’t find it anywhere and—“

“I’m okay,” Evan says. “I’m fine. He threw a punch, I barely felt it. A bit of a bruise but nothing else, I swear.”

Barty’s exhale is shaky even over the phone. “Okay,” he says. “That’s—yeah that’s good. No more fights.”

Evan laughs “You do know what sport we play right?”

“Other people can fight, not you.”

“Bee—“ but his voice breaks. He doesn’t know what he’s doing. What they’re doing. It was better before, when they didn’t talk. Didn’t have any contact at all. This is Barty’s fault really, he shouldn’t have kissed him. Evan definitely shouldn’t have kissed him back.

“Your team is playing well,” Barty says, when Evan doesn’t go on. Can’t go on. Giving him a minute to breathe. “You’re the only real defensive talent but Mulciber’s not bad, if you two can get some chemistry going you might be able to fix that.”

Evan lets out a choked laugh, free hand coming up to his eyes. Pressing down hard. Forcing the tears back.

“Bee.” A whisper this time. A secret.

“I have to play Evan,” he’s whispering too. “I have to play. I—I shouldn’t have done what I did. It was a stupid decision, I was just—“ desperate. Trapped. “I have to play.”

“Okay.”

Silence. Silence. Silence.

“Won’t you come back?” Small again. Something pained comes out of Evan’s mouth.

“Bee—“

“We could be on the same team again. We could be on the ice together. Remember how that felt?”

Evan pushes down on his eyes harder. “Your dad still shooting you full of Toradol before every game?”

A beat.

“Not every game.”

Evan laughs humourlessly. “Fuck, Barty.”

“I’m okay.”

“No. None of this is okay.”

“You could be here.”

“I can’t.”

“You can.”

“Barty—“

“You can. You can. I promise I’m okay Evan. I swear. Please,” and when Evan can’t speak. “I used to be so good at being lonely before you. Now I just…I ache. I ache all the time.”

“I was never lonely before you,” Evan says before he can stop himself. “But now—“

“Ache.”

Evan smiles sadly. “Ache.”

“Come back. Come back to me. Lets be champions together yeah? You and me. Lets win it all together.”

Doesn’t it sound so nice when he says it like that?

“That you talking or your dad?”

He can practically feel the shift over the phone. “Don’t.”

“Don’t play.”

Silence. Silence. Silence.

“That’s it.”

“I—yeah. I guess. Yeah.”

Silence. Silence. Silence.

“See you on the ice then.”

“Bee—“

But the line is dead.   

 

 

Party IV Sirius

 

He’s supposed to be studying.

He was supposed to be studying when he got up at eight this morning.

Supposed to be studying after he got his coffee at nine even though, as Remus so unhelpfully pointed out, they have a coffee maker and coffee at home.

He was supposed to be studying after he made himself lunch.

To be fair, he does have his laptop open, sitting at the kitchen table, biology textbook next to him. So he has definitely made some progress. Definitely created all the right circumstances for studying to occur. He just…

“Are you watching cat videos again?” Remus asks as he walks into the kitchen, Sirius immediately slamming his laptop shut.

“What?” No. Why would you even suggest such a thing Remus? I’m hurt. I’m a very committed and studious student.

Remus just looks at him.

Sirius looks back. Blinks slowly. A stalemate.

Remus breaks first because he always breaks first and Sirius grins because he loves that Remus always breaks first.

You’re dumb.

“Mmm,” Sirius hums in agreement. But hot right?

Remus rolls his eyes, though his cheeks go pink. Sirius loves that too. He opens his laptop again, ready to start, maybe, kind of, almost studying, when Remus sits down across from him.

"So."

Sirius looks over at him. Remus is nervous. Sirius could spot it a mile away.

Fabian’s coming over tonight.

It’s work for Sirius to hold back his grimace, something bitter crawling up his throat. It has sharp claws. If he thought about it he’d probably call it jealousy. But he doesn’t think about it.

“Is he.”

He’s probably gonna stay over. Just, you know, heads-up.

Sirius blinks back at him.

Claws. Claws. Claws.

Really? Staying over. Very big step.

Remus huffs. It is not. You have people stay over all the time.

But you don’t. Plus this is a bit more reoccurring than my things. 

I suppose, Remus adjusts himself in his seat, fidgeting with the sleeve of his shirt.

So, Because Sirius has never once in his life been able to quit while he’s ahead. You guys like, boyfriends now?

Remus blushes again. I don’t know. I don’t— he drops his hands for a second and then: No, I don’t think so. But maybe. In the future. Who knows.

It feels like there are tiny needles in Sirius’s skin. Pricking at him every time Fabian is mentioned. And each time it gets just that much harder to shrug it off.

“So I’m getting a surprise new roommate is what you’re saying?”

Remus blinks. What? No. No, I mean, I think he’ll be…you know…maybe coming around a little more—

“Excellent. Great.” He gets up, carrying his dishes over to the sink and dumping them in before bracing himself against the counter. Remus doesn’t speak. Sirius doesn’t know what he’s doing, doesn’t want to know. After a second he just starts washing the dishes. After a few more seconds Remus is standing beside him.

“You’re angry.”

“I’m not angry,” he says, scrubbing at his mug like he has a personal vendetta against it.

Remus reaches over, gently tugging on him until Sirius lets himself be moved, allows himself to be turned towards the blond boy whose eyes instantly run him over.

“You’re angry,” he repeats.

“I’m not,” Sirius repeats back.

“Why?”

“I told you I’m not—“ 

“You are though.”

Remus is a pryer. Always has been. Bad habit in Sirius’s opinion. Especially where he’s concerned. It’s better not to look too closely at Sirius Black. He’s not much fun once you get further than skin deep. The only person who’s ever been able to stomach him is James.

“Yeah well,” he says finally. Because he’s been pushed! He didn’t want to. He tried to keep his mouth shut. “I don’t want him just hanging around here!”

Remus’s face gets all screwed up, Sirius doesn’t know why he finds it endearing. He wishes he didn’t. “He won’t.”

“Really? Cause that sounds like what you were saying!” he gestures with the mug in his hands.

“No it wasn’t! You know it wasn’t. Why—why are you doing this?”

“Doing what?” Sirius demands.

Remus gestures at him with his hands. “This. Why—Fabian is nice.”

Sirius rolls his eyes. “He’s boring.”

There he goes. Scrunching his face up again. The bastard.

“No he isn’t—you don’t even know him. You won’t even speak to him when he comes over.”

“Because he’s boring. I don’t talk to boring people. It’s a waste of my time.”

Remus lets out a strangled noise of indignation. Why are you doing this? he demands again, this time signing.

I’m not doing this you are. You’re the one bringing this guy into our apartment. You didn’t even ask me if it was okay—

Ask you? Ask you! When have you ever asked before bringing someone over?

That’s not the same.

How! How is it not the same? his hands are starting to get a little aggressive.

I’ve never brought anyone over who just…hung out, Sirius responds defensively.

Yes, well. Some of us actually want to know the people we’re fucking, shockingly enough.

Sirius doesn’t know why that sentence hits. I mean, why exactly did he think Remus wanted Fabian to stay over? So they could do arts and crafts? But still it gets him all twisted up inside. Makes him want to grab Remus and sink his teeth in. Makes him want to crawl inside his skin. This is mine. Mine. Mine.

Honestly Remus, you could do better.

Remus looks stung by that but Sirius presses on.

“Just keep him in your room.”

Stung morphs into something else. Something a little bit sharper. A little bit colder.

Keep him in my room.

“If you’re gonna date a dud the least you could do is not subject me to him,” a smirk in the corner of his mouth. He can practically taste it. Like something rotten.

You don’t get to decide who I date.

I should. I would find you someone better than Fabian.

But Remus is just shaking his head. “This isn’t fair Sirius. You don’t get to do this. You don’t get to throw a temper tantrum every time I do something without your expressed permission. You can’t just—just control my whole life.”

Those words rock through Sirius. Like being hit by a train.

Like being stabbed in the back.

Like being held underwater.

“You don’t get to control my whole life!”

That’s the second person to do this to him this week.

“Of course I do, I’m your mother! You are a child. You live in my house. You eat my food. You will do as I say.”

He thought the first time was the worst.

“I already have one overbearing mother. I don’t need another.”

But he was wrong.

It’s this.

He feels it, like hands reaching up from his stomach, clawing at him. His mother. In his head. In his skin.

Sirius?  “Sirius?” Are you even listening to me?

He can’t really hear. Ears buzzing.

He hadn’t been trying to control him.

He hadn’t.

He just wanted

All he has ever wanted

is to take care of Remus.

“Is that what you think you’re doing mom? Taking care of him?"

No.

No. No. No.

NO.

“You can’t just—just control my whole life.”

He feels her nails on the back of his neck.

The inside of his skin.

“I already have one overbearing mother. I don’t need another.”

NO.

NO.

NO.

“Forget it. Fucking forget it. Fabian is coming over and we’ll hang out wherever we want. I pay just as much rent as you do.”

Sirius is cracking. Splitting into pieces. Hands shaking as he watches Remus walk away.

I am not my mother.

I am not my mother.

I am not.

He feels very far away and too close all at once. He feels none of it and all of it. Too much and too little. His hands are shaking.

To be honest.

He’s not entirely sure what happens next.

Only that the mug that was in his hand somehow ends up flung across the room, smashing into the wall in front of Remus who jumps back.

“Fuck—“ Remus spins around to face him. “What the—“

The plates from the drying wrack.

They’re loud—scattering across the floor as they shatter. Jagged pieces sliding under the table. The counter.

“SIRIUS STOP!”

Sirius doesn’t know if Remus means to scream but he is.

He turns to the other boy, arms held out wide, debris everywhere. “How’s that for control Remus? Huh?”

Remus just blinks back at him, eyes big and angry. But there’s something else there too. Fear. He’s scared. He’s scared of Sirius.

I am not my mother.

I am not my mother.

I am not.

I am not.

I am not.

The voice in his head sounds small.

It sounds like it’s sobbing.

Sirius is neither of those things.

He walks across the kitchen without reservation, stepping over broken glass and porcelain in nothing but his socked feet. If he gets cut he doesn’t feel it. Remus flinching when he pushes past him, heading for the front door.

He used to imagine doing this, when he was a kid. When they would sit in those stiff quiet rooms. Not able to move or speak or touch anything. Everything clean. Everything orderly. Everything. Everything. Sirius used to imagine smashing it all. Used to imagine setting the fucking house on fire.

Always with him inside.

Burn it down.

Burn me too.

I’ve gone rancid.

Sirius shoves his feet into his boots, not bothering to do up the laces. Grabbing his phone and throwing himself out of the door. He doesn’t know where Remus is. It’s too cold to be out in a t-shirt. He doesn’t care. He’s not going back.

His laces slap against the sidewalk as he starts moving. No idea where he’s going. It’s not late, maybe four, but the sun has already started to set. The streetlights already starting to glow. He crosses his arms over his chest as they start to shake. His teeth chattering in his skull. Everything around him blurs and smudges and falls apart. Nothing is real. Nothing is solid. Not even Sirius.

His lines keep disappearing.

Letting parts of him spill over, pool on the side of the road.

He’s making a mess.

Oh no.

Oh no

He’s making a mess.

He turns into an alley between two buildings. Collapsing onto the cold dirty ground, pressing his back to one of the walls. He drops his head between his knees. He isn’t sure how long he stays like that. This is.

Not.

Good.

He can recognize that at least. Whatever this is. Whatever is happening. It is very not good. He tries to make himself calm down. Tries to make the world come back into focus but it won’t. He fumbles for his phone.

“Hey, what’s up?” James’s voice comes through the speaker and Sirius closes his eyes. Holding onto that. James is always solid. “Sirius?”

“I can feel her,” he says, voice broken. “I can feel her in my skin. In my head. Fuck James. Fuck. I—“ but his voice breaks.

“Where are you?” James asks, Sirius can hear shuffling in the background. “Sirius? Where are you? I’m coming okay? Just tell me where you are?”

Sirius shakes his head. “I don’t know. I started walking. I don’t know where I am.”

“Ok,” James says. “Ok. Where were you when you started walking?”

Sirius squeezes his eyes shut. Things are spinning. “Home.”

“Okay. Good. Are you still in the neighbourhood?” he thinks he hears a door closing.

Sirius forces his eyes to open. “Uh—“ he looks around. “No I—no. I’m on the main road.”

“Summerhill?”

“Yeah. Yeah I think so. I’m in an alley.”

“Okay. Okay, stay there,” car door now. “I’m gonna put you on speaker okay?”

“James I can’t do this—“

“Sirius—“

“I can feel her. I can feel her. I thought I got it out but she’s still there. I’m just like her.”

“No. Sirius, listen to me, you are not your mother. You are not your mother. I’ve known you since we were five years old. I know you inside and out. I know every piece of you fucker, you understand me?”

Sirius laughs wetly, running a hand over his face.

“She’s not there. She’s not in you. I would have seen it. I would have noticed, I promise.”

He wants to peel the skin off his bones.

He wants to set it all on fire.

“Sirius?”

“Yeah,” he croaks. “I hear you.”

“Do you trust me?”

A stupid question.

“Of course.”

“You. Are. Not. Your. Mother.”

Which is about the time that Sirius starts to cry.   

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    So

    like

    listen

    I was very anxious this week and this is what came out of that

    Jegulus was kinda cute though right? And they had a whole talk!

    I love when people talk, I feel like in stories no one ever talks but people trying to communicate is super fascinating to me

    ANYWAY

    THANK YOU FOR READING

    YOU ROCK

    DON'T EVER CHANGE (sorry I really need to stop drinking redbull)

Chapter 12
Summary:

    The course of true love never did run smooth

Notes:

    I don't think there are any tw for this chapter????

    Like

    I'm pretty sure??

    Which seems false . . . but . . .I can't think of any????

    well, Sirius. Can I just tw Sirius? James being worried about Sirius?

    tw: implied fear of someone self-harming

     

    ***FRENCH TRANSLATION IN END NOTES***

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I James

 

James wishes he had an apartment.

Not because he minds being an RA.

Not because he doesn’t like living on campus. Or because he needs more space. Or privacy or any of the other valid reasons. James wishes he had an apartment because he wishes he had somewhere to bring Sirius. Somewhere where it could just be the two of them. That’s how they’ve dealt with this stuff before.

But he doesn’t. And in the end, he decides Sirius’s place is better than the dorms.

Sirius doesn’t talk on the drive back.

 

 

It’s funny, James thinks, how easily spaces bruise. He can feel it the second he walks into the apartment. The small ache left behind by whatever happened. It hangs in the air, stains the walls, marks the floors. Wincing when you press too hard. 

He nearly calls out for Remus but that, of course, would be pointless.

“I’m just gonna figure out where Moony is yeah?” he says to Sirius who isn’t really looking at him.

It’s not a big apartment. The door to the bathroom is open, so is the door to Remus’s room. Both are empty. James pauses briefly in the kitchen, the sight of the broken shards on the floor making his chest grow tight. He doesn’t linger. Doesn’t let it get too far under his skin. Sirius would know and it wouldn't do either of them any good.

“Must have left,” he says when he walks back into the living room. Sirius hasn’t moved. Still shivering.

“Hey—uh—why don’t you take a shower huh? Warm-up? I’ll order food?”

It takes a second before Sirius nods. “Yeah, sure.”

He’s nearly out of the room when James stops him. “Keep the door open okay?” he tries to say it as casually as possible. Sirius turns back to him, brow arched, dry smirk curling the corner of his mouth. It’s the most like himself he’s looked since James picked him up.

“You think I’m gonna try something Potter?”

“No,” James replies confidently. Because he means it. Mostly. “But do it anyway. For me?”

There’s a pause.

“Alright. For you,” and then, all traces of amusement gone: “Can you text Remus? Make sure he’s alright?”

There’s that tight feeling again. James doesn’t know what happened, Sirius didn’t say. But. Well.  

“Yeah, of course.”

Sirius nods, disappearing into the bathroom, leaving the door open. It’s not a big ask, the pair of them have been showering together basically their whole lives anyway.

James exhales, trying to let go of some of the nervous energy that’s been building under his skin before he pulls out his phone.

 

James

hey, u ok?

 

He’s only just slipped it back in his pocket when it buzzes.

 

MoOnY

Are you with him?

typing  . . .

typing . . .

typing . . .

 

James gives it another minute but when no other message comes through he decides to answer.

 

James

yeah

 

MoOnY

typing  . . .

typing  . . .

typing . . .

 

Nothing.

James sighs, moving once again to put his phone away when—

 

MoOnY

Is he okay?

 

James looks over at the bathroom, steam starting to fog up the open doorway. He’s not sure how to answer that question.

 

James

yeah remus, he’s ok

 

MoOnY

Good.

I’m not coming back tonight.

 

James wants to ask what happened, but he can’t imagine it’s something that can be explained over text, and he’s not sure how well it will go over if Sirius comes out and finds James talking about him with Remus on FaceTime.

 

James

k

you safe?

 

MoOnY

Yes

 

James shoots another look at the bathroom.

 

James

im probably gonna stay here

 

MoOnY

That’s fine.

Good actually.

That’s good. 

 

He waits, but when no other bubbles appear he decides to order a pizza. Pizza will fix this. Well. Or it’ll at least make them both feel better. When he’s done he heads for the kitchen.

It’s eery. Looking at it. That bruised feeling coming back. Like the room itself aches. Textbooks on the table, Sirius’s laptop open, everything completely normal except for the broken plates scattered across the floor. The pieces are everywhere. Too many to be an accident.

“Fuck,” he hisses, hand swiping over his face.

He goes to the closet in the hallway, pulling out the broom and getting to work. He tries to figure out what could have happened to set Sirius off. Sure okay, he has a temper,  he fights. He fights a lot actually. On the ice. In the locker room. At the bar. James has gotten very good at holding him back. So yeah, Sirius has a temper, and he likes to take it out on people. But usually those people actually do deserve it.

James has a hard time believing that Remus deserved this.

“I would have cleaned it.”

James jumps at the sound of Sirius’s voice, turning to find him standing in the doorway, hair wet, pulled back in a bun, towel around his waist. There’s a nasty bruise on his left side from the game the other night. James has a few of those himself.

Finally he shrugs, emptying the dustpan into the trash. “Needed something to do.”

Sirius gives him a flat look but doesn’t push it. “You get ahold of Remus?”

James nods. “Yeah. He’s okay. Uh—he’s not coming back tonight though.”

James watches Sirius's jaw clench, then watches him force himself to relax. “Right,” he says, and James can’t figure out his tone. “I’m gonna get dressed.”

James nods, watching him disappear down the hall. He finishes cleaning up, puts the broom away, and waits. He gives Sirius a whole ten minutes, exactly ten minutes, because he's watching the clock practically the whole time, before he follows after him.  

The door is open, Sirius sitting on the end of his bed in a sweatshirt and sweatpants, his feet bare. James doesn’t know why he notices, except that it makes Sirius look young. His elbows resting on his thighs, head hanging, James sits down next to him.

“So,” he says finally, “wanna tell me what happened?” 

Sirius exhales, still looking down at his hands. “I think I might be really fucked up.”

James tries to ignore the way that squeezes his heart. Ignore the way he wants to shout: don’t talk about yourself like that. You’re fine. You’re perfect. I’ve always thought so.

He knows Sirius well enough to keep those thoughts to himself. “Okay,” is all he says in the end.

There’s a moment of silence before: “I’m sorry.”

Which. Well. That’s just too much.

James reaches over and shoves Sirius’s shoulder. Hard. “Bro shut-up. You know it’s fine. You know it is.”

Sirius makes an indignant noise as he rights himself, shoving James back. They jostle one another for a few seconds before eventually settling down, shoulder to shoulder.

“Go on,” James says gently. “Tell me what happened?”

The room is dark, the apartment quiet. Empty. It feels like the aftermath of a storm. A shipwreck. Sirius exhales again.

“My mom’s been calling.”

Ah.

Well.

That makes sense.

“I didn’t think it would fuck with me this much. It shouldn’t, but…it’s like once she gets in there,” he taps his temple with two fingers. “I can’t get her out.”

James nods slowly. “What does she want?”

Sirius snorts. “Regulus. But he doesn’t want to deal with her so he’s not picking up her phone calls. Doesn’t want to be the one to tell her to fuck off. So he’s leaving that to me, which is just so goddamn typical.”

Oh Regulus. 

“And then he had the nerve to tell me that I’m turning into her. Like I haven't been fucking myself over trying to run interference for him.”

“Wait, wait,” James feels his stomach lurch. “Regulus said what?” praying that he misheard. Because. Because. Because Regulus would know what that meant. How much it would hurt. He would know. 

“Yeah. The dick. And then—and then—“ he sighs, running a hand over his face, looking tired again. “And then Remus I—I think I—James I think I really really fucked things up. And I—he—I don’t want to lose him.” The way that Sirius’s voice breaks is enough to pull James out of his own spiralling thoughts.

“Hey,” he reaches out and squeezes Sirius’s arm. “No one’s losing anyone, okay?”

Sirius shuts his eyes. “You weren’t there.”

“I’ve been there before.” I’ve seen your worst. I’m still here. I’ll always be here. He squeezes Sirius’s arm again. “Tell me what happened Pads, in the kitchen?”

Sirius's breath shakes. “I really really really fucked up.”

James keeps holding him and when the silence stretches on: “He asked if you were okay you know? When I texted him. He was worried about you.”

Sirius’s eyes blink open. “Yeah?”

James nods. “First thing, once he found out I was here,” Sirius is searching his face, James doesn’t know what for. “You can make mistakes.” He thinks of Regulus and his chest hurts. “We don’t need you to be perfect.”

Sirius just keeps looking at him until eventually: “Remus is seeing someone.”

Which.

Seems.

…a little off topic.

“What?”

“From the Galley, one of the baristas—“

“Fabian?”

Sirius blinks. “You know him?”

“Well, only so many people work at the Galley and Remus isn’t dating Mary,” he makes a face. “At least I hope he’s not. He isn’t is he?”

That makes Sirius laugh, which is good. The world is a brighter place when Sirius Black laughs.

“Fuck I can’t imagine two people who would be more miserable together,” Sirius says, scrubbing at his face.

“Bit like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole.”

Sirius makes a noise that is half-disgust half-giggle. “Potter, please don’t talk about our friends’ holes. Bad table manners and all that.”

“Ew.”

“You started it!”

“I did not!”

“Did too!”

Sirius shoves him and James shoves him back. Both laughing now, some of the tension easing out of the room. Out of Sirius’s shoulders.

“So,” James says once they settle down. “He’s dating Fabian then?” He’s only met Fabian a handful of times, but he seems nice. Very chipper. James would have thought he was a little too sweet for Remus but then, he supposes he’s not really sure what Remus’s type is. “Good for Moony,” he says without thinking.

Sirius grimaces.

“Er—or—not good? Do we not like Fabian?”

Sirius throws his arms up. “We like him! He’s great! He’s so nice. And polite. And his shoes are so fucking clean. Fabian. Is. A. Joy.”

Well alright then.

“His shoes are clean?”

“Like he gets up every morning and polishes them,” Sirius says venomously. “He also definitely listens to Cold Play. And irons his shirts.” 

James squints. “So…sorry…we don’t like him because his shoes are clean and his shirts are wrinkle free? I’m confused.”

Sirius makes an exasperated noise before flopping down onto his bed, staring up at the ceiling. “Me too,” he mutters, almost under his breath. James is struggling to figure out what to say to that when Sirius, thankfully, rescues him. Voice a little less animated now. “I—this is what I mean. Or this is part of it. I’m all fucked up. I hate that he’s bringing this person into our house. I hate that he’s taking up space. Time. I hate that sometimes Remus smells like him. He’s supposed to—“

Sirius cuts himself off, scrubbing at his face. “I know that’s not right,” he says finally. “I do know. I swear I do. But sometimes I…forget. Or I can’t…ignore it. And it was—he was telling me that Fabian was coming over.”

Oh, James thinks. Oh, oh, oh.

“And we were fighting about it because I just couldn’t—couldn’t keep it in. And then. And then he said. He said,” Sirius’s voice breaks, and James can see his hands curling in tight. Not quite into fists, more like his nails are trying to drive their way through the backs of his palms. Eventually he breathes in.  “He said that I was trying to control him. His life. Just like her. And you know what the sick part is? He was right.”

“Sirius.”

“I had this mug in my hand and I—I don’t even know what happened. I just started breaking things. I just wanted to break everything. Because what the fuck am I supposed to do with that James, huh?” he looks up at him like he’s genuinely searching for an answer. “How the hell am I supposed to live with that?”

“Sirius—“

“It’s like finding out I never left, you know?” he goes on, voice bubbling and twitching in that way people do before they crumble. “I thought I got out, but I’m still there. Because she’s here,” he taps his temple again. “And here,” his chest. “And she always fucking will be.”

“Sirius—“

“I—“

“No! Stop it!” he takes Sirius’s wrists pulling his hands towards him. “Alright, alright so you fucked up. I hate to break it to you but people fuck up, you’re not that special.”

“He’s not coming home James.”

“Tonight. He needs a night to cool off or decompress or fuck his boyfriend or whatever. And then he’ll come back.”

Sirius just stares at him so James gives his wrists another tug. “You are not in that house, you understand? I won’t let you be. I will break down the doors. I will smash in the windows. You are not in that house. She doesn’t get to have you, okay?”

“James—“

“OKAY?”

Sirius gives him an exasperated look, but there’s a bit of fondness there too. “Yeah, alright, alright.”

“Thank you, Jesus.”

Sirius shakes his head pulling his hands back. “Tu es un crétin,” he says with a smirk, and then, a bit softer; “Je suis désolé, j'ai tellement besoin de toi.”

James stares at him for a moment. “You sound like a dickhead when you speak French, you know that?”

Sirius snorts. “That’s just because you can’t understand it.”

“No,” James says petulantly. “It’s because it’s a stupid language. And I can too understand it! I know…words.”

“Sure you do bud.”

“Oh you can just le fuck right la fuck off.”

Sirius starts to laugh just as the buzzer goes startling them both. Like they’d forgotten there was anything outside of this room. Outside of them. They do that sometimes. Shrink the world down to just them two. There were a few years where it had felt like that. James and Sirius against the world. Sometimes it still does.

James doesn’t let himself think about Regulus.

“That’ll—“ James coughs, clearing his throat. “That’ll be the pizza.” He goes to get up but Sirius waves him off.

“I’ll get it, after everything I think dinner can be on me.”

“Sirius you don’t have to do that.”

“Yeah, yeah, Superman. Just let me pay for your fucking pizza okay?” he says, already walking out of the room.

James decides it’s not worth the argument. “I’m Batman dude! C’mon!”

“You wish nerd!”

He’s laughing to himself when he starts to feel the familiar vibrations of a phone ringing. At first he thinks it’s his, but a brief brush over his back pocket tells him it’s not, which is when he spots Sirius’s phone in the sheets. He looks because he thinks it might be Remus. But it isn’t.

It’s a split-second decision.

And then he’s picking up the phone. He’s accepting the call. He’s holding it to his ear.

“Hello?”

There’s a pause.

“You’re not my son,” says the stiff voice on the other end.

“No ma’am,” James answers, eyes on the door, listening for Sirius’s returning footsteps. “I’m James. James Potter.”

“James Potter,” Walburga says his name like it’s filthy. Like she’s afraid it’ll stain. 

“Funny,” he laughs a little, even though nothing about this is actually funny. “I’ve known your son almost my whole life but I don’t think you and I have ever met.”

“Hilarious. Would you please put Sirius on the phone?”

“No, I’m afraid I can’t do that.”

“Why? Where is he? Is he alright?”

James wonders at that. At the genuine concern in her tone. Because he does think it’s genuine, there’s no reason for her to put on a show for him. And yet. How can she care when she treats him the way she does?

“He’s alright. He’s just in the other room. But he’s not going to be speaking with you anymore,” it’s overstepping, it is, but then, him and Sirius overlap so much it’s hard to tell where one of them begins and the other ends. They don’t have boundaries really. He’s not sure they ever have.

“Excuse me?”

“You’re going to stop calling him. In fact, this? Is the last time you are going to call him. If he wants to speak with you he’ll get in touch himself.”

“This is ridiculous. He's my son.”

“No I don’t think he is,” James says bluntly. “Not really. Because if he was your son you would have been at his games. At his practices. You would have picked him up from birthday parties and playdates. Fifteen years I’ve known him. I’ve never seen you once, but I’m pretty sure I could name every nanny he’s ever had. He is not your son and you are not his mother.”

He thinks he hears the door downstairs close.

“Where do you get off—“

“So you’re going to stop calling him,” because he doesn’t have the time for this. Or the patience. “And if you don’t stop calling him he’s going to get a restraining order. And if you still don’t stop I'm gonna make sure you end up in jail.”

Another moment of silence, James can hear footsteps on the stairs.

“Are you trying to scare me James Potter?” she laughs a little.

“No ma’am, I’m just trying to be honest. And honestly, if you don’t leave Sirius alone I will make it my mission to take your life apart piece by piece,” his voice is calm, level. “I might not be anyone, but my parents are very important people. So when I tell you I have the power and influence to make your life hell I mean it.” 

Sirius is stepping back into the apartment.

“You don’t want to pick a fight with me James. It won’t end well for you.”

Footsteps down the hall.

“I guess we’ll see, huh? Goodnight ma’am.”

 

 

Part II Lily

 

The world is very beautiful when you’re drunk and lying on your back at two in the morning.

Mary Macdonald is also very beautiful.

Lily smiles up at her. “Hi.”

Mary arches her brow. “You don’t have a coat.”

“Not cold.”

“Uh-huh, that’s the tequila shots talking.”

“Nah, I have very tough skin.”

“I don’t think that’s how anything works.”

“Sure it is. I’m a biology major, I would know.”

“Marine biology.”

“Same thing.”

“We grow fins I’ll start taking your advice.”

Lily snorts, closing her eyes. “I think I’d like that.”

A pause.

“Me taking your advice?”

Lily smiles, spreading her arms out wide in the grass. “Having fins.”

Mary laughs, she doesn’t do that often so Lily always feels proud when she’s the cause. “A Lily fish.”

Lily makes an excited noise, eyes flying open. “Oh my god! A Lily fish! I love that.”

Mary sits down next to her, legs crossed, looking up at the sky above them. The stars. Her hijab drips down over her shoulders, a deep green colour. Mary doesn’t wear colour often, Lily doesn’t know why, it looks incredible on her. She reaches out, a bit of a stretch, fingers running along the hem. 

Mary catches her wrist, pulling her hand back and looking down at it. After a few seconds her thumb starts making slow circles against Lily’s palm. “Your hand is cold.”

“Is it?” Lily asks, a little breathless. “Warm it up for me?”

Mary looks at her, the pair of them just staring for a moment. Lily isn’t entirely sure why, just knows it makes her feel all squiggly and restless. Makes her want to press closer. Mary leans forward then, nearer to her hand, and for a moment Lily thinks she’s going to kiss it. But then she just blows on it instead, rubbing it between her palms.

“The other,” she says, in a matter of fact tone, and completely entranced Lily lifts her other hand, watching as Mary warms them both, the restless feeling persisting.   

“Lie down with me,” she hears herself say.

Mary snorts. “No.”

“Oh come on!”

“No. I have a bed for lying in. It’s very nice and soft and not covered in dirt and cigarette butts.”

Lily laughs, shaking her head. “No fun.”

“Says you.”

Mary is still holding her hands, rubbing them, and Lily feels her eyes start to drift closed.

“Alright Evans, lets go, get up, we’re not falling asleep out here.”

“I’m not falling asleep!” Lily protests, even though she very well is. "I don't want to go home yet.”

“Yeah well, I don’t want to have to carry you when you go unconscious on me so, get up.”

Lily cracks one of her eyes open. “Liar. You totally want to carry me.”

Mary just gives her a flat look before moving to get to her feet. Their hands are still tangled though, and Lily, drunk as she may be, is fast. She switches her grip, grabbing hold of Mary’s wrists and yanking her down on top of her.

“Fuck,” Mary hisses, hands landing sloppily on either side of Lily’s shoulders as they slam into one another. Lily laughing even as the air is knocked from her lungs. “You’re an asshole you know that?” Mary says, lifting herself up high enough to look down at her.

Lily only grins. “You love me.”

Mary blinks, expression empty. Always. Empty. Lily is so desperate to see her crack. “Tolerate you more like,” Mary says finally. 

Lily rolls her eyes. “You love me. Admit it.” There is, just for the smallest of seconds, in the slices of moonlight, and whatever else drifts out to the them from the house at their backs, a look on Mary’s face. Almost soft. And then it’s gone.

“C’mon,” she’s off of Lily. “Lets go.”

So they do.

 

 

Lily waits, leaning against the wall in the front hall, Mary gone looking for Marlene. The house is crowded, though not as crowded as it had been before, shoes piled by the front door, jackets on the stairs. Lily yawns, blinking against the hallway light that now feels too bright after being outside.

“I’m serious Evans, I’m not carrying you,” Mary says as she reappears. 

Lily tries to scowl but it’s not really her forte, besides, she can’t exactly feel her face at the moment. “I’m not falling asleep.”

Mary gives her a look. “Sure you’re not. C’mon,” she nudges her towards the door.

“What about Marlene?” Lily asks, even as she allows herself to be pushed outside.

“She’s staying at Dorcas’s.”

Lily snorts, stumbling onto the sidewalk. “You walk in on them again?”

“Thankfully, no.”

Lily leans into her side, wrapping herself around Mary’s arm. Mary gives her a sidelong look. “You’re very clingy tonight.”

“I’m always clingy.”

Mary just huffs at that. 

Lily knows it’s cold, she can see her breath, but she can’t really feel it. She’s wearing her jacket but she doesn’t remember putting it on. Maybe Mary did it for her. She’s like that. All hard and prickly on the outside, but really she just wants to take care of everyone. Especially Lily. The thought makes her preen a little, nuzzling at Mary’s shoulder.

“What’re you a dog?” Mary asks.

“Shh, don’t ruin the moment.”

“Moment? What fucking moment Evans?”

“Shhh!” is all Lily says, watching Mary’s eyes roll.

The streetlights glow over their heads, flooding the road with yellow light, the moon just a sliver in the sky, barely there at all. Lily stares at it for a while and then she turns her head to look at Mary.

“You’re staring.”

“Mmm,” is all Lily says, not looking away.

Mary makes a frustrated noise. “Lily.”

“What?”

“Just—“ but she cuts herself off, shaking her head. “Watch where you’re going.” Lily doesn’t think that’s what she was originally going to say but she lets it go. And after a few more seconds she does look forward.

“Do you think Marlene and Dorcas are gonna have sex tonight?” she asks suddenly, causing Mary to choke out a laugh.

“I think they’re probably having sex already, where the hell did that come from?” 

Lily wrinkles her nose, glaring at the pavement in front of her. “I don’t think I’m very good at sex.”

There’s a pause and then: “Seems unlikely.”

Lily looks at her again. “Why?”

Mary looks back, just for a second, before facing forward. “Why do you think you’re bad at sex?” she asks instead of answering.

“Oh well,” Lily lets out a puff of air that blows the hair off her face. “I don’t—I mean—me and James weren’t really like that were we?”

Mary blinks. “I don’t follow.”

Lily waves one of her hands in front of them, the other still very much wrapped around Mary’s arm. “You never had to worry about walking in on us is what I’m trying to say.”

Mary is quiet for a moment. “I mean, you were always very…lovey-dovey with one another,” the disgust in her voice is clear and Lily can’t help but laugh. “But sure, I didn’t have to worry about you getting arrested for public indecency like I do with Marlene. Doesn’t mean you’re bad at sex.”

“Mm,” Lily hums thoughtfully, something tugging at her chest. “I think I am though.”

“Explain.”

She sighs. “I don’t think…James was…you know, satisfied. Especially not in the end.”

“And what about you?”

“Me?” Lily laughs a little. “I don’t know, I don’t really…I mean, it’s different for guys isn’t it?”

Mary gives her a look. It’s a look Lily knows well. It’s the Look Mary gives her when she thinks Lily is being stupid. “Different how?”

“Well they…you know…they want that stuff more. Or need it, whatever.”

“Bullshit.”

Lily groans, dropping her head back. “Oh come on, don’t go all politically correct on me. They’re just more interested in sex, that’s like, that’s a fact.”

“Oh really, you got some studies to back that up?”

“Maryyyy.”

“Lily.”

She blows out her lips, like a horse. “I have personal experience.”

“Uh-huh,” Mary gives her another sidelong look. “You’re the scientist, you tell me how well that would hold up in a lab?”

Lily just shakes her head. “Some things don’t need to be proved in a lab to be true.”

“Okay, you know what,” Mary stops so abruptly that Lily very nearly trips over her own feet. She probably would have if it weren’t for the fact that Mary immediately takes hold of her shoulders. “I have put up with a lot of your drunken bullshit over the years but this is too much.” Her eyes are intense, and big, and sparkling in the light from the streetlamp over their heads, and Lily is a little distracted. “Sex is not a guy thing, okay? Not even remotely. I can’t believe you even just said that, like what fucking year is this? Women also want to have sex, very badly, trust me.”

It takes Lily a second to realize that Mary’s face is very close to her’s. Her hands still on Lily’s shoulders. Her eyes still sparkly. “Yeah?” she asks eventually, something weird and strangled in her voice. And for a second. For just a second. She swears that Mary’s eyes dip down to her lips.

“Yeah.”

The word hangs in the air. Lily isn’t sure why she feels out of breath, they aren’t even moving. For a moment the pair of them just stand there and then—

“Well…” Mary moves back. 

“We should…?”

“Yup.”

“Yeah. Right. Okay.”

By mutual agreement they start walking again, Lily feeling suddenly very sober. Neither of them speaking the rest of the way home.

 

 

Lily wants to die.

That’s the first conscious thought she has. Her head is pounding, her mouth dry, her stomach making very, very threatening noises. And something. Something. Has the audacity. The absolute gall. To be ringing. Lily thinks every curse word she has ever heard at it, but despite this, the ringing continues.

“What?” she answers her phone without looking at the screen.

“Good-morning to you too sunshine.”

“I’m dying. Is this important?” Lily rubs at her face, resenting the sun that's sneaking through her curtains.

“Very important. I’m gonna be in town over Christmas—“

“What? You?” because of course she knew who it was the instant she heard her voice. “Petunia Evans, gracing us all with your presence? Taking a break from your very busy, very important job in the big city?”

Lily hears a sigh on the other end, more fond than anything else. “Are you done?”

“Maybe. Haven’t decided yet. But you’re coming for Christmas! That’s exciting.”

“Well, not for Christmas exactly, I’ll have to be back for work on the 24th—“

“Christmas eve!” Lily winces at the volume of her own voice. “What kind of demonic job makes you work Christmas eve?”

“ANYWAY,” Petunia continues, ignoring Lily’s outrage. “I was thinking we could all have dinner while I’m in town?”

Lily narrows her eyes at the ceiling. “Who is “we” exactly?”

There’s a pause. “You, me, mom, and Vernon.”

Lily makes a face, glad that Petunia can’t see her. Vernon is Petunia’s fiancé, and he’s fine. Really he is. But that’s also the problem. He’s just…fine? Her sister deserves someone fantastic! Someone who’s gonna fill her life with bright colours. Lily is almost positive Vernon’s favourite colour is khaki.

“Are we gonna have another dinner with dad?”

There’s a pause. “No.”

“Why not?’

“Lily.”

“What?” she sits up, feeling a little nauseous but ignoring it. “You can’t just avoid him forever.”

“I’m not avoiding him. I just have very limited time and I don’t want to waste it.”

Lily scowls. “He’s our dad.”

“Mm,” Petunia says dismissively, and Lily just knows she’s making that pinched face she always does when she’s trying not to get angry. Petunia has always had more control over her emotions, to a fault in some cases. 

“He made a mistake Tuny, that’s it. People make mistakes. But it’s not like he murdered someone.”

“I’m tired of talking about this,” her sister says a little sharply. “We’re never going to agree. I’m not having dinner with him, I’m not seeing him, I’m not speaking to him—”

“Tuny—“

“Deal with that or don’t, but you aren’t going to change my mind.”

Lily sits for a minute in sulky silence, glaring at the wall across from her. “Is he invited to the wedding at least?”

The line is quiet for a moment, and then: “I don’t really think marriage is dad’s thing.”

The phone call doesn’t last long after that.

 

 

Predictably, Lily is in a shitty mood. For starters, her head keeps pounding no matter how many pills she takes or how much water she chugs. A faintly stale taste making a home in her mouth and a heavy nauseous feeling in her stomach. On top of this, the apartment is out of coffee. Normally Lily wouldn’t mind going out to get it except that Mary isn’t working today and refuses to get out of bed to come with her, so she has to march grumpily to campus all by herself, making a bunch of false promises about how she’s never drinking again the whole way there.

“Hey Lily!” Fabian beams at her from behind the register. He looks like a cartoon boy. Like he drinks a full glass of milk every morning and calls his mom every night before bed. Like he has pyjamas with his initials stitched into the breast pocket.   

“Hi,” she tries for a smile but she knows it’s not entirely successful.

“Rough night?” he asks sympathetically.

She can’t imagine what she looks like, no make-up, hair piled messily on her head, sweatpants and oversized sweatshirt on under her jacket. “More like a rough morning. Can I get a large coffee? Like the largest one you have? And just, all the sugar and milk?”

“Of course!” Fabian says, and then, looking both ways before leaning over the counter towards her and whispering; “I can even sneak you some whipped cream on top for free.”

Lily can’t help but smile. “You are truly a hero.”

Fabian preens, rushing off to make her order, which is when Lily spots the sandy head down at the other end of the bar, face buried in a book.

She sneaks over to him, tugging lightly on his sleeve to get his attention. “Hello darling,” she says when he looks up.

Remus blinks. “I’m surprised you're here today.”

“Why?”

“Well, Mary isn’t working so…”

For some reason Lily feels herself bristle at that. “I don’t only come here for Mary you know.”

Remus gives her a skeptical look. “Are you trying to tell me you come here because the coffee's good? Because we both know that isn’t true.”

“Oh so why are you here then?”

Remus gives her a slow blink before looking very pointedly at the cute blushy boy on the otherside of the counter. Lily can’t help but snort, waiting until his gaze returns to her before she speaks. “Touché. So things are going well then? With you two?”

Something flashes across Remus’s face, an expression she doesn’t understand. Kind of…sad.

“Yeah they’re…” but he trails off. “Things with Fabian are going well.” And she isn’t sure why that sounds so...strained.

“Remus are—“

“Extra extra large coffee,” Fabian says as he comes over to them, handing Lily her cup.

She smiles, trying to recover from the odd moment before. “You are a lifesaver, thank you.”

He smiles, dimples on display. “Anytime,” eyes sliding over to Remus. “You need anything?”

Remus smiles back, though Lily thinks it’s not quite right. “I’m good, thanks.”

“Just holler if you do,” Fabian gives Remus’s hand a quick squeeze before heading back to the cash register.

For a moment Remus pretends to go back to reading his book, while Lily stares very pointedly at him, wearing him down. He barely lasts five minutes, sighing with the utmost resignation as he looks up at her.

“Why are you staring at me like that?”

Lily grins over her coffee cup, reaching out and pinching his cheek before Remus is able to swat her hand away. “Because you’re bootiful.”

He rolls his eyes. “Uh-huh,” though he’s blushing anyway. Or maybe that’s from the pinching.

Lily takes a sip of her coffee and then, making sure Remus is looking at her: “What’s going on?”

He grimaces. “Nothing.”

“Yeah, you’re not selling that.”

“It’s just . . . school.”

“Nope, not that either. I’ve seen you school stressed and this,” she waves her hand at his face. “Is not school stress.” She sits down in the seat next to him. “Come on Remus,” leaning a little closer. “What is it?”

He holds her gaze for a moment before looking away, scrubbing at his face. He starts to sign and then stops, like he remembers who he’s talking to, and Lily feels a pang of guilt. She’s tried to learn, she has, but she’s just never had the time to pick it up properly. She knows one or two words, but nothing like Mary or the boys.

“Me and Sirius are kind of…not really…speaking.”

Lily blinks. She had not been expecting that. “Wow that’s . . . wow.”

As long as she’s known them, Remus and Sirius have always been close. Not like James and Sirius maybe, but always…soft with each other. There’s been more than one occasion where she’s caught the pair of them in the corner, their heads bent close, hands moving quickly, silently. In their own little world.

“What happened?” she asks finally

“I don’t know,” he looks frustrated. “He—“ but then Remus cuts himself off, eyes going to Fabian. “How loud am I speaking?” he asks suddenly.

Lily shakes her head. “Not loud, he won’t be able to hear, not over all the noise in here, don’t worry.”

Remus looks like he very much is worrying, but he goes on anyway. “He’s mad about Fabian.”

Lily stares back at him. “Mad about Fabian what?”

“Just—I don’t know—that I’m seeing him I guess?”

“What the fuck?”

“Right? I mean—right? I thought he would get over it. I mean Sirius has never been good with change. So I thought maybe he just needed time, but then the other day he—“ Remus’s voice cuts off, eyes growing sad. It’s a moment before he speaks again and Lily has the feeling she’s just missed a large piece of the story. “Anyway, I—I’ve been staying at Fabian’s the last few nights.”

Lily feels her eyes go wide. “Shit, he really got that bad?”

Remus nods his head stiffly. “Yeah it was…it was not…” his voice breaks and Lily feels something in her chest lurch.

“Oh Remus,” she reaches out and squeezes his arm.

“Sorry. It’s fine. I don’t mean to be dramatic it’s just—it’s Sirius, you know? So—he—it’s a bit worse, this. Than it would be if it was someone else.”

“Have you talked to James?” because she can’t imagine he’s happy about this. He’s a bit like a sheep dog, always herding people together, making sure no one gets left behind. Remus and Sirius fighting is practically his worst nightmare.

“A bit. I think James is annoyed with me honestly, though he’s trying not to say so.”

Lily nods. “He wants you to kiss and make-up.”

Remus goes stiff at the mention of kissing, though Lily doesn’t know why. “Yeah, something like that. It’s not that I don’t want that I just…”

Lily gives his arm another squeeze. “You’re allowed to be angry at him. Sounds like he’s being a fucking dick.”

That startles a laugh out of Remus. “He is.” There’s a pause and then. “I am going to talk to him. I am.”

“Well, you need back-up you just let me know.”

Remus gives her a weak smile. “Thanks.”

“Anytime babe.”

 

 

They talk a little while longer, about slightly less distressing matters: school, tentative plans to go out next weekend. Eventually Lily finishes her coffee, her hangover significantly dimmer, though still pulsing a bit behind her eyes. She says her goodbyes, makes Remus swear a blood oath that he’ll text her, and then heads back home.

She is fully intending to spend the rest of the day in bed, surrounded by blankets and watching terrible TV shows. The thought makes her smile. And she’s still smiling when she runs—literally—right into the last person she wants to see.

“Shit.”

“Fuck.”

“Sorry.”

“No it’s—oh. Hi.”

They’re at the top of the stairs leading out of the Galley, somehow neither of them had been watching where they were going and now Severus’s books are at Lily’s feet.

“Hi,” he says back eventually.

For a moment they just stand there, staring at one another, before someone else walks by, waking Lily up. “Sorry,” she says, quickly bending down to pick up his books.

“You don’t have to do that I—“ he bends down too.

“I ran into you so I should help.”

“I think we’re both equally at fault for that.”

“Well…” but she doesn’t have anything else to add so she just shoves his books into his hands, and now they’re staring at one another again. Still crouched on the ground.

Eventually Sev clears his throat. “How are you then?”

“I’m fine,” Lily answers back, just as awkwardly. “How’re you? How’s your mum?”

Something flickers across his face, softens it maybe. “She’s okay,” he says quietly. “In remission now so…getting her strength back.”

Lily smiles at him. “That’s good. That’s—I’m really happy to hear that.”

Severus nods. “Yeah it—yeah it is.”

There’s another pause before Lily slowly stands up, Severus following her lead. “Well I should…” she nods in the direction she’d been heading.

Severus gives her a tight smile. “Right, yeah, I should…” gesturing in the opposite direction.

“Okay.”

“Yeah.”

“Well.”

They do an awkward little dance around one another, ending up switching places.

“I guess I’ll…see you around then?” Severus says. Lily does her best not to grimace. They both try to avoid one another these days and he knows it.

“Yeah,” she says anyway. “See you around.”

She starts to walk away but of course Severus can't leave it at that. He never could. Always picking at his scabs until they bled. Until they scarred.

"Lily, hey, wait."

She grits her teeth, turning back around to find him still standing at the top of the stairs, bouncing nervously between his feet, which she does not think is a good sign. 

"Look, do you...I...we should get coffee," he finally blurts out. "Sometime." 

For a moment Lily just stares at him, mouth opening and closing, not knowing what exactly to say. "You still hanging out with Mulciber and his lot?" is what eventually finds its way out. 

Sev gives her a flat look. "Come on Lily." 

"Come on Lily what?" 

He runs a hand through his hair, it's longer than it was the last time she saw it, hanging just past his chin now. Like the way he used to wear it when they were kids.

"You know," he says eventually. "They're all the same." 

Lily feels her hackles rise. "They?" 

 "Yeah. They. All the rich assholes. The only difference between Mulciber and Potter is one of them's prettier." Lily snorts, James will get a kick out of knowing that Sev thinks he's pretty. "So we're really the same, you and me," he keeps going, because he always keeps going. "Just trying to get a leg up." 

Lily feels her blood run cold. "A leg up?" she repeats sharply. "Is that what you think my relationship was? Me - what? Social climbing? Looking for job references? Fuck Sev."

"Wait, was?" he demands. "What your relationship was?" 

Lily rolls her eyes. "Really? That's what you got from that?" the look on his face says yes, it absolutely is. "Yeah. Was. Me and James broke up."

"Really?" he sounds about as close to excited as he ever does. 

"Your sympathy is heartwarming." 

"Lily-" 

"You're wrong you know, about James just being prettier than Mulciber."

Severus gives her a wary look. "Oh?" 

"He also has a much bigger dick," she smiles. "I don't think I'll be getting that coffee, but thanks so much for offering." 

And with that she turns around and walks away, pulse beating so loud in her ears she wouldn't hear him even if he had the audacity to call after her again. Hands shaking at her sides.

 

 

Part III Remus

 

He doesn’t know why he’s stayed away.

Honest, he doesn’t.

It’s only making it worse for all of them.

Maybe it’s just because he doesn’t want to fight again. Maybe it’s because he’s scared. He doesn’t think that Sirius would hurt him. But there had been something…empty about him, in the kitchen, something out of control. He’s never seen Sirius like that. Sirius has always been full, overflowing, and he doesn’t know what to do with this new piece of him. Doesn’t know why it feels like he did something wrong. Because he doesn’t think he did. But still there’s this sick feeling in his stomach. Like guilt.

He’ll forgive Sirius. For anything honestly. If he gives him the chance. If he apologizes. But what if he doesn’t? How much is Remus willing to put up with exactly? Does he have a limit with Sirius?

No,

answers the pathetic voice in his head.

No.

Never.

I’ll take it.

I’ll beg for more.

Just don’t walk away from me. Just don’t leave me behind. In the dark. You’re my north star. I don’t know how to find my way home without you .

And maybe that’s why he’s stayed away.

Because he knows it doesn’t matter if Sirius is sorry. He’ll let it go in the end. He’ll forgive him anyway. And he’s not quite ready to go crawling back just yet. Not quite ready to show everyone how little dignity he really has. How pathetic he is, when it comes to Sirius. How pathetic he has always been. It’s not good, not healthy, he knows that. Doesn’t stop it from being true though.

A knuckle runs gently down the side of his face, and he blinks his eyes open to meet the bright blue ones staring back at him. Fabian smiles. He does that a lot. Hey ___ 

Remus tries to smile back. Hey.

Where’d ___ go?

Remus doesn’t know how to answer that question. Or maybe he just doesn’t want to. So instead he takes the cowards way out, shuffling forward to kiss him instead. He feels Fabian hum happily, lips vibrating against his own, hands coming to tangle in his hair. They’re lying in Fabian’s bed, it’s early in the morning, the light outside dim. Both of them warm and soft and Remus runs his hands along Fabian’s sides, then under his shirt, over his skin. They squirm and wiggle and press together. Not really escalating things much further, just touching. Just kissing. Until they’re breathless and boneless.

At some point Fabian pulls away, reaching for his phone, Remus suspects because his alarm is going off. When he drops his head back down onto the pillow he smiles at Remus.

That was nice.

Yeah.

Fabian reaches over and tucks a lock of hair behind Remus’s ear. Don’t ____ this the wrong way.

Remus scrunches his nose. Not a promising start. 

Fabian rolls his eyes, pinching Remus in retaliation.

It’s not bad. But…

You want me out of your apartment? it’s a fair ask, they’re only barely dating and Remus has now spent the last three nights here.

He thinks Fabian laughs at that. What? And give up _____ morning make out sessions? As if to prove his point he leans forward and gives Remus a quick kiss. But when he pulls away he looks serious. It's you who wants to be out of my apartment. 

I like morning make out sessions too.

Fabian gives him a patient smile. Come __, you miss Sirius. _ ___ see it on your face.

Well. That’s unfortunate. Remus sighs, rolling onto his back, which is not the most convenient position because it means it’s harder to look at Fabian. Which means he won’t know when he’s speaking. A few seconds pass before eventually, to the ceiling, he admits:

I miss Sirius.

Fabian’s face appears above him, grinning triumphantly. I knew it! I’m very smart.

Remus can’t help smiling. You are.

Fabian’s eyes drop to his lips and then back to his eyes, making Remus’s smile stretch wider. You ___ come back here, after, if you want. But right now you’re in this weird limbo. So sort __ out, ____? I’ll be here, if you still need a place when you’re done.”

Yeah? Remus is always staring at Fabian’s mouth, hazard of being deaf.

Yeah.

Okay.

Okay?

Mhm, Remus licks his lips. We still have time before you have to leave?

Fabian smiles. We will if you get in the shower with me.

Deal.   

 

 

He stands on the sidewalk outside their front door. His hands are in the pockets of his jean jacket, beanie pulled down over his ears. He thinks Sirius might have actually given him this hat—last Christmas? The one before? He passes the weight back and forth between his feet. He could have texted. Made sure Sirius was home. Let him know he was coming. But he hadn’t. Maybe because part of him still wasn’t sure he was actually going to go inside.

Which was stupid.

He’s being stupid.

With a huff, he makes his feet move, makes himself pull out his keys, makes himself walk up the stairs. Hates himself for shaking while he does it. For wanting to turn around. He doesn’t run from stuff. That’s not him. That’s not who he is. 

James and Sirius are sitting on the couch, game controllers in their hands, both in sweats. The apartment is spotless. Everything folded, stacked, swept away. Meticulous. Sirius cleans when he’s stressed. When he’s upset. He cleans or he fights something. Which feel like the reactions of two completely different people but…well.

Remus can’t tell of course, if the room goes silent the minute he walks in. What he can tell, however, is that both James and Sirius whip their heads up to stare at him. Eyes wide. Mouths slightly open.

For a moment no one moves. And then—

Hey. Hi. Moony, what’s up? James drops his controller on the couch as he gets up to give Remus a quick hug.

He doesn’t know how to answer, so he goes with: Hi.

Sirius is still sitting down, staring at him with big eyes and Remus suddenly feels at a complete loss for what to do. What to say. He isn’t sure what he’d been expecting but…somehow it wasn’t this…awkwardness.

You know what? James signs. I actually have shit I need to do so I’m going to head out. Eyes bouncing between the pair of them. If that’s good with you two?

There’s another long pause before Remus eventually responds. That’s okay with me.

James turns to Sirius who just nods, still looking a bit dazed.

Ok. Alright. Well. I’ll see you guys later then? he’s already moving towards the door, grabbing his coat, but still lingering. You’ll call me yeah? One of you?

Remus gives James a small smile. Always the mother hen. Yeah James, we’ll call.

James nods, the door closing behind him a moment later, leaving Sirius and Remus alone. Remus might not be able to hear the silence, but he swears to god he can feel it. He doesn’t move closer to the couch, Sirius doesn’t get up, controller still in his hand. Remus isn’t sure if Sirius has moved since he came in.

Eventually Remus breaks.

He always breaks.

How are you?

Sirius winces. Please don’t do that.

Do what?

Talk— he stops, dropping the controller and lifting his hands: talk to me like I’m a stranger.

Well, he can’t help but push. Are you?

Remus.

What was that Sirius? he points at the kitchen, hand shaking a bit. Embarrassing. I mean really? What the fuck was that?

Sirius runs a hand through his hair, pulling on it. I don’t know.

Remus almost laughs. That is not especially comforting.

I ____. I ____ I just _ was having a bad____ and I—

Remus holds up his hand to stop him. Can we sign? Please? I don’t want to have to guess at what you’re saying. Not right now. Not with this.

Shit sorry I— sorry, I didn’t mean to do that.

But Remus waves him off. It’s fine I just, I need to understand, okay? I need to understand this.

Sirius nods. Yes. For sure. Look Remus, I’m sorry. I‘m so sorry. I shouldn’t have— his hands waver, struggling, unsure of where to go. I shouldn’t have acted like that.

Why did you?

He looks at Remus desperately. I don’t know.

You do. You must. Have some idea. And when Sirius just keeps sitting their with his big, panicked eyes. You threw a mug at my head Sirius.

What? No! I—shit— no, Remus. You can’t think that? I just. I just threw it. But it wasn’t at you. Never at you. 

It felt very me targeted.

It wasn’t. Remus I wouldn’t. I would never hurt you. Not ever. Remus isn’t sure if Sirius is even aware that he spoke that last bit out loud. More than desperation in his eyes now. There’s fear too.

I would never hurt you, the other boy repeats.

Remus nods eventually. Yes. Okay. Alright. I believe you.

Sirius still looks miserable. I’m sorry.

Why did you do it Sirius? Why did you freak out? There has to be a reason. We’ve known each other for ages. That wasn’t. That wasn’t like you.

Something passes across Sirius’s face but before Remus’s can figure out what it is Sirius wipes it away. What if it was?

Remus just stares at him, because, well, what is he supposed to do with that? Sirius seems to take pity on him, shaking his head, wry grin on his face. Remus never understood the term wolfish before he met Sirius. All teeth. All sex. All hunger. And something else—something like pack. Pack. Pack. Pack. Something that makes you feel like you’re a part of him. Like he’ll stand in front of you when the time comes. 

Ignore me. He signs eventually. And oh doesn’t Remus wish he could. Remembers back when they were in high school. In all the same classes. Remembers the hours he spent memorizing the back of Sirius’s head, unable to focus on anything else.

My mom’s been calling.

That wakes Remus up.

Calling? he repeats. As in, multiple times?

Sirius nods. Yes.

Jesus.

He smiles, running a hand through his hair before he continues. She’s worried about Regulus. Fuck, I’m worried about Regulus. I tried to help. I’m trying to help.

How’s that going?

Remus has had a limited number of interactions with the younger Black. And most of them have not been especially warm and fuzzy.

He told me I was acting like her.

Remus blinks. Like your mum? incase he’s misunderstood.

Yes. Like mum.

Another pause.

That fucker.

Which makes Sirius laugh. Remus can tell. Doesn’t have to hear it. Has memorized the pathways of Sirius’s joy. Knows just what it looks like when it courses through him.

Yeah well. Yeah. He looks at Remus and then away. I was still kind of dealing with that when we were fighting and you said— But his hands stutter. Fall into his lap.

And suddenly Remus understands.

That you were controlling me.

Yeah. Yes. So. I don’t know. I really don’t know what happened. Something just went wrong. In me. Dry smirk. More wrong.

Remus’s head is swirling and he finds himself finally moving forward, sinking onto the arm of the couch. Why didn’t you tell me? he asks finally.

Sirius squints at him. What do you mean?

About your mum, Remus clarifies. Why didn’t you tell me?

Oh.

But that’s all he says. Leaving them both just…sitting there. Waiting. 

I guess, he starts slowly. I guess I didn’t think it was worth telling.

Remus scoffs, scrubbing at his face. Jesus Christ Sirius. He drops his hands back into his lap. You smashed half our kitchen to pieces because of it and you didn’t feel like it was something worth telling me? And gosh, if Sirius doesn’t look so small then. So unfairly small.

I know. I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.

Remus arches his brow. Is that a promise you can make?

Sirius grimaces, taking his time before he answers. I don’t know.

Which is devastating. Breaking Remus’s heart. Have you considered, maybe, seeing someone about this?

Sirius instantly stiffens. What do you mean, seeing someone?

I don’t know, like a psychiatrist or something? I feel like this might be a therapy thing.

No. No. I don’t need that. I’m fine. It really isn’t that bad. Therapy is for people that like, really bad stuff has happened to. And that isn’t me.

Remus looks at him skeptically.

I’m fine. Remus, really. I’m fine. My mom and Regulus are just throwing me off. But I’ll get it under control. I can do it. I’ve done it before.

Before.

Remus finds his thoughts catching on that word. Wondering what exactly it means.

But don’t you think it would help? To have someone to talk to when things get bad? Someone to call?

Sirius gives him a look like he’s talking gibberish. I have that. James.

Right but— Remus drops his hands, sighing as he pinches the bridge of his nose. Okay, you know what? Lets just—lets put a pin in this for now yeah? Come back to it later.

Sirius squirms a little. Okay. and then: does that mean we’re good now? Does that mean you’ll come back?

Remus wants to touch him. A stupid, ridiculous impulse. He’s not sure where it comes from. Just knows those words make him want to reach forward and hold Sirius, even though he has at least fifty pounds of muscle on Remus. Fucking hockey. Either way. He doesn’t. He stays right where he is.

Yeah, yeah maybe. But there’s something else we need to talk about first.

Sirius’s brows draw together like he really doesn’t know what that could be.

Fabian.

Oh. Sirius says for the second time, looking a bit like he’s tasted something rotten.

I’m allowed to date people Sirius.

I know.

Do you?

Sirius gives him a look. I do. I swear. He just—

He just what?

Sirius glares. He bothers me. That’s all. I don’t know, I can’t explain it.

Well, get over it. He’s my boyfriend, because they’ve been living together for the last three days so if that doesn’t make Fabian his boyfriend he doesn’t know what does. He’s going to be coming around. And I. I want you to be there. Sometimes. I want you to get along.

Sirius gives him a disbelieving look. Why?

Remus almost hits him. Because. Because. You’re important to me. You’re important to me Sirius. So I want you to like him. I want you to be happy for me. And now Remus is starting to get unhelpfully emotional but he presses on. Please? He’s nice. He’s nice to me. So please don’t make me choose. Because it’ll be you. Of course it’ll be you. Always. But I don’t want it to have to be that way. So please don’t make me give this up.

Sirius looks slightly shocked, sitting there with his mouth ajar. And then. Eventually. After several painful seconds of nothing.

Okay.

Okay?

Sirius nods. I’ll try harder, I promise. I’m— hands once again freezing in the air, like they don’t want to move forward. I’m glad he’s nice to you. You deserve that. 

Remus exhales, shoulders dropping away from his neck. Thank you.

Of course. And just for the record, Sirius’s eyes are wide and earnest. It might be the most innocent Remus has ever seen him look. It’ll always be you for me too. Remus’s breath catches. I’ll always choose you.

And for a second. Remus can’t quite remember what they’re talking about.

 

 

 
Notes:

    *** You are a moron, I'm sorry that I need you so much.***

     

    I love them your honour.

    All of them.

    ALSO HI! How're you doing? Getting through the end of this disaster of a year? Personally I will be boycotting December in the future. I will simply refuse to participate.

    ANYWAY I hope you liked Lily cause we'll be seeing more of her and Mary, also Fabian is sticking around surprise! And Sirius is going to be dealing with that so so so well.

    Christmas is also coming up in this fic and is going to be a disaster so. Fair warning. That Christmas party the Potters hold? WILD I tell you. The shenanigans that will be going on.

    OK THANK YOU FOR PUTTING UP WITH ME (and reading this story and commenting and sending me messages about it cause I love it and it brings me joy) HAPPY NEW YEAR (in like three days? Two days? Definitely some amount of days)

Chapter 13
Summary:

    In every universe

Notes:

    tw Regulus sort of has some body insecurity in this, where he mentions that he's lost weight, there's no talk of food or anything but just throwing this out there

    tw discussion of non-consensual drug and alcohol use

    tw violence (real mild)

    ***FRENCH IN END NOTES

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Regulus

 

Regulus has always loved watching Sirius skate. At his games. In their backyard. Winter would roll around and their father would get out the hose, flooding the whole lawn. Their mother hated it but, for whatever reason, their dad never stopped doing it. The second it was frozen Sirius and Regulus would be out there. The sun would set, and the stars would come out, and neither of them would be able to feel their toes or faces—but they’d just keep skating.

When he looks for his brother inside himself that’s still where he finds him. Those years when Sirius was too far away to touch, and too hard to call, Regulus would close his eyes and find him skating.

He isn’t sure why the Sirius in his head still feels closer than the one standing in front of him. Only that he’s spent years taking care of the memory of his brother. Keeping him safe. Warm. Loved. All the things he couldn’t do for the real Sirius. And maybe that’s the difference. Because the Sirius in his head is the one he didn’t lose.

 

 

He stands at the back of the arena and watches as Sirius does another lap. And then another. And another. Practice is over and everyone else is filing out. James lingers, of course, skates with him for a bit, before eventually following the rest of the guys to the locker room. Regulus presses his back to the cement wall behind him, careful to keep himself hidden. He hasn’t been answering James’s texts recently. He wants to. He does. But. Well. He can’t say the wrong thing if he doesn’t say anything, right?

Sirius is still doing laps, bag skating himself. He must be exhausted but he just keeps going. Faster. Harder. Taking the corners too sharp. Not for the first time Regulus regrets his decision to come down here. Only he’s been staring at his phone for days. A week at this point. Finger hovering over the button unable to call.

For some reason this felt easier.

When it becomes obvious that Sirius isn’t going to be stopping any time soon, Regulus drags himself down to the ice, walking along the rink until he gets to the home team bench. Somehow Sirius still hasn’t noticed him. Skating. Skating. Skating.

“Sirius!” hands shaking slightly, though he tells himself that’s from the cold. “Sirius!”

Skating. Skating. Skating.

Regulus can’t help but wonder what he’s punishing himself for.

“SIRIUS!”

The older boy’s head turns sharply and for a terrifying moment Regulus thinks he’s going to trip, going to go crashing into the ice. He should have known better though—Sirius skates more than he walks. He catches himself effortlessly, slowing to a stop on the other side of the rink. Just. Staring.

At a loss for what to do, Regulus waves at him.

Which is…embarrassing. 

Sirius does not wave back. He does, however, cut across the ice towards him, taking off his helmet as he goes. His hair is soaked with sweat, plastered to his head.

“What are you doing here Reg?” he asks—chest heaving, words breathless.

Regulus knows what he’s doing there, he has a whole speech. He’s been going over and over and over it obsessively since he stepped out his front door. Since he woke up that morning. However, standing here, Sirius in front of him, watching, waiting, the idea of saying any of it out loud suddenly feels unbearable.

So he shrugs. Shrugs.

Sirius huffs out a laugh, shaking his head. “Okay…?”

This is not going well. It is, in fact, going very badly. Regulus’s eyes dart around, desperate for inspiration. For something to end this silence which is too full. There is so much between them and Regulus can feel it building up, stealing his oxygen, threatening to crush him. That’s what makes this so hard. Because what can he say, when there are so many years and moments and bruises that never healed? What can he say in the face of all of that?

“You want water?” Regulus manages finally, voice strained.

Sirius eyes him for a second before nodding towards the only water bottle still sitting on the bench. Happy for a task, Regulus nearly trips over nothing to get it. Sirius squirts about half the bottle into his mouth and the other half on his head, staring at Regulus the whole time like he’s an idiot. Which he absolutely is.

After a very, very long awkward silence, Sirius eventually gives up on waiting for Regulus to speak. A good call, honestly.

“When’d you get here?”

“Forty-five minutes ago, give or take.”

Sirius nods, looking back out at the ice. “We could use you out here. Our D’s shit.”

“Not Evan.”

The corner of Sirius’s mouth twitches upwards. “That’s what I’m always telling James.”

Regulus feels his heart give a little shudder, but doesn’t let himself react. “Oh yeah? And what does he say?”

Sirius snorts. “That Rosy is only one guy,” which is true. Their back half is weak. It’s going to be hard when they get to the finals. “Which brings me to my original point—we could use you.” Sirius looks at him intently, Regulus reluctantly staring back.

He isn’t sure what Sirius is trying to say exactly.

But it feels like something.

“You don’t want me,” self-deprecating smile tugging at Regulus’s mouth. “I haven’t played in ages. I’d be a fucking mess out there.”

Regulus thinks he can see the disappointment in Sirius’s eyes. Another rejection. Another hand Regulus has shoved away. Another opportunity missed. Regulus regrets it almost immediately.

Sirius presses on anyway. “You could skate you know, if you wanted to.” And at the look on Regulus’s face: “Not on the team, but…” he waves at the rink. “There’s no one to stop you anymore.”

Regulus isn’t sure why that makes him go tense. “Nobody stopped me,” old instincts to keep the peace, old fears that he’s the one making them fight. If he could just get it right. If he didn’t make his mother mad. If Sirius didn’t feel the need to defend him. “I didn’t want to anymore.”

Sirius gives him an incredulous look. “C’mon Reg.”

“It was my choice Sirius.”

“Pourquoi tu la défends?” Sirius’s voice is sharper in French and Regulus can’t help but wince. “Elle n'est pas là, je ne comprends pas pourquoi tu continues à faire ça? Je ne comprends pas pourquoi tu es parti si c'est pour continuer à être son putain de chien de salon.”

Regulus shrinks back further, retreating in on himself. He’s never been very good at this. At handling their disappointment—Sirius, his mother—he expects it, sure, but that doesn’t mean he knows how to carry it. How to hold it without getting burned.

“I came for school.”

A cold laugh sparks from Sirius’s mouth. “Fuck me Reg, really? That’s it?”

“What else do you want from me Sirius?”

“There were schools closer to home, schools I’m sure she begged you to go to instead.”

Phantom fingers grip Regulus’s shoulder, as he remembers standing on the front lawn the day he left, his mother desperate not to let him go, nails digging into his skin.

“This one was better,” it’s not true, they both know it’s not true. I just wanted to be near you again, whines the little voice in his head, I just wanted to stop feeling like a part of me was missing. I just wanted to fix this. Tell me how to fix this. Tell me what I did, to break it in the first place. 

Sirius gives him a long look.

Searching.

Searching.

Searching.

Nothing. Regulus has nothing for him. He never does.  

Eventually his older brother shakes his head, pushing away from the boards and slipping his helmet back on. “Whatever Regulus,” he starts skating away and something seizes in Regulus’s chest.

“Sirius!” he calls after him. His brother turns around but doesn’t come back. Regulus’s mouth feels dry. “Are we—are we okay? After—because—I just—“ he exhales, trying to get his words straight. “Are we good?”

He doesn’t know why he can’t just say what he means.

I’m sorry.

I’m so sorry.

I shouldn’t have said it.

Maybe it’s because he knows that Sirius would forgive him. Because he knows he doesn’t deserve it.

There’s a long moment before eventually Sirius nods. “Yeah Reg,” he calls back, he sounds tired. “Yeah we’re good.”

 

 

Regulus is almost home when his phone starts ringing. He freezes about a block from the residence building, staring at the name flashing on the screen.

 

James Potter

   

It’s stupid that his first thought is that he’s about to get yelled at. He’s not sure he’s ever heard James yell at anyone. It’s not really his style. Still, for a moment, while he stands there staring at his phone, all he can think is: oh. Oh no. I did something wrong.

“Hello?” he answers, hand shaking as he holds the phone to his ear, hating his voice for how strained it sounds. 

“Hey, Reg?”

“Hi.”

“Hey.”

“Hi.”

James laughs, and Regulus’s heart flutters. “Shit, we’re bad at this. Okay—uh—so, I just um, just got back from practice and I was wondering if you wanted to, like, come to mine?”

Regulus opens his mouth but no words come out, hands unreasonably sweaty, pulse unreasonably fast. He hates talking on the phone. Hates not being able to see peoples’ faces. It just makes it a hundred times harder to figure out how they feel, what they mean. He’s already awkward enough, he doesn’t need the help of technology to make his small talk even more stilted.

“Regulus?”

The problem is, he doesn’t understand why James wants him to come over. I mean, he doesn’t understand it generally but, especially now, when he’s been ignoring him the last few days.

“You still there?”

He blinks, waking himself up. “Yeah, yes, sorry. I—okay.” He squeezes his eyes shut. Fuck. Fuck, that sounded so unforgivably awkward.

“Okay?” James asks.

“I’ll come over. Or I can. If you want me to. If that’s what…you…want…?” oh. dear. lord. He wants to die. Squeezing his eyes tighter. 

James laughs again. “Yeah, I want. So…see you in a bit then?”

“Yeah,” Regulus slams his mouth shut before anymore words can get out. He’s done enough damage honestly. “Bye.”

“Bye Reg.”

Regulus hangs up and drops his head with a groan, hand pinching the bridge of his nose. “Get it together you fucking disaster,” he mutters under his breath.

It’s a few more seconds before he’s able to convince himself to move.

 

 

The minute James opens the door Regulus knows that something isn’t quite right. The older boy smiles at him but he looks tired in a way that doesn’t have anything to do with hockey. Regulus feels out of his depths, because immediately he wants to reach out and make it better. Patch James up. But he has no idea how. He tries to think of what Sirius would do.

“So um,” James stands across from him, leaning against his desk, hand rubbing at the back of his neck. “I know it’s been a few days since we hung out,” he gives Regulus an apologetic look, as though that’s his fault, when they both know it isn’t. “Thing is, I’ve kind of had a bit of a tough week and I was wondering if maybe we could just—if we could just kind of…” it’s a rare experience, James Potter struggling. Admittedly Regulus does enjoy it a little. James exhales, scrubbing at his face. “Can I just hold you, for a bit?”

Regulus stares back at him.

He doesn’t know what to say to that.

James seems to take his silence as a rejection because he immediately starts rambling. “Shit, sorry,” laughing nervously. “That was like…that was such a weird thing to ask you. Never mind. Ignore me. You want to—uh—you want to watch a movie or something? I have a bunch of stuff downloaded, hold on I’ll—“ he turns away from Regulus, reaching for his laptop. “You can look through and just—just pick whatever you want I don’t care. I’ll probably fall sleep on you honestly, coach was in a mood today so practice was—”

He stops talking when Regulus comes up behind him, slipping his arms around James’s waist and pulling him into his chest. He feels James melt immediately, shuddering against him, like he’s been dying for this. Touch. And suddenly Regulus feels overwhelmed by guilt.

“I’m sorry I haven’t been returning your texts,” he whispers into the back of James’s neck. James is taller than him but not by much.

“Hm? Oh,” James already sounds sleepy. “Nah, don’t be. I know it’s hard for you sometimes. I don’t mind.”

Regulus feels his chest squeeze. Aching at the idea that James just knows things about him. Things he didn’t even have to tell him. “Come on,” he says after a moment, tugging James towards the bed. “Lets lie down.”

James goes willingly, letting Regulus pull them under the blankets, his arms wrapping around James who nuzzles into the crook of Regulus’s neck. Regulus has no idea what he’s doing here. He’s never really—he’s never cuddled anyone before. At least not like this. Not…on purpose. Without any other pretences to hide behind. He isn’t sure he’s doing it right, isn’t sure he was made for this.

He knows he’s lost weight since he started school. Mostly he doesn’t think about it. Tries his best not to think about his body at all. Easier that way. But it’s hard not to think about it with James half on top of him. Hard not to feel self-conscious about how unwelcoming his body is. How weak. And sharp. And painful.

“Do you think there are other universes?”

Regulus blinks, tilting his head slightly to look down at James, not that he can see more than his hair. The tip of his nose.

“What?”

“You know like—like what’s that thing?“ James yawns. “When there’s a whole bunch of different universes? Like Inception or whatever.”

Regulus snorts. “Inception is about dreams.”

“Is it? Nah, I thought they were going to different realities and stuff.”

“I—no. What are you talking about James?”

“Just…do you ever wonder if there are other us’s out there? Living different lives?”

Regulus pauses, hand absentmindedly stroking up and down James’s back. “You mean like, multi-verse theory?”

“Dunno. Is that like Inception?”

“Okay, again. Inception is dreams.”

“I don’t think you’re right.”

“I am.”

“Okay,” though James does not sound at all convinced. Regulus, being the bigger person, decides to let it go.

“I don’t know if I believe in other universes, I guess—it’s a nice thought. That maybe there’s a better version of me out there.” 

James hums. “I’d find you.”

Regulus squints down at him, James’s eyes are definitely closed. “What do you mean?”

James shrugs before curling into Regulus’s side. “I’d find you. In every universe,” Regulus feels his breath catch—James’s words snagging in his chest. “You and Sirius. I’d find you and keep you safe.”

It’s a moment before Regulus is able to work words back into his mouth. “You’d keep us safe in all of them? Every universe?”

“Yes.”

Regulus feels his arms tighten around James. “That’s a lot of work.”

“No, not really. Not if it means I get to keep you.”

“James.”

“I like helping,” James goes on, oblivious to Regulus’s distress. To how absolutely unfair he’s being. Just saying this. It’s frightening honestly, how openly James feels. How vulnerable he makes himself for Regulus, who has such clumsy hands.

“I’m trying to help Sirius,” James mumbles, definitely half-asleep, maybe more. “I’m worried I’m not doing a very good job.”

“Help Sirius?” Regulus repeats. “Why do you need to help Sirius? What’s wrong with Sirius?”

“Regulus.”

“What?”

“I—“ he sighs, breath hot against the skin of Regulus’s neck. “Why won’t you talk to him?”

That.

Regulus thinks.

Is an unfair question.

He can see himself earlier today, standing there in front of his brother, completely incapable of telling him what he had come there to. What he needed to.

“I’ve forgotten how I guess,” he manages finally, voice tight.

There’s a long moment of silence.

James has fallen asleep.

 

 

Part II Evan

 

He likes it. When Barty is sleeping. It softens him. Well, Barty is soft, it’s just that, it’s harder for him when he’s awake. But like this, head on Evan’s chest, lying in Evan’s bed, the tension he normally carries everywhere is gone. The hockey superstar. Future number one pick. Here, now, he’s just a boy. He’s just Evan’s.

“Hey,” he says softly, nudging Barty.“Hey Bee? You gotta get up, I gotta drive you home.” Those words twist something in him. It feels like admitting defeat every time he lets Barty walk back into that house.

Evan doesn’t think Barty’s dad does anything to…hurt him…exactly.

But he doesn’t love him.

And maybe that’s almost the same thing.   

Barty frowns without opening his eyes, pressing his face a little further into Evan’s chest. “Five more minutes,” he mutters.

Evan smiles, hand coming up to the back of his head, holding him there. “Yeah, okay, five more minutes.”

He listens to the sounds of Barty’s breathing, the way it evens out, slow, calm. He’s warm under Evan’s hands, heavy against his body. He knows they’re running out of time. The thought making his arms tighten around the other boy instinctively. Barty will go off to the NHL, and maybe they’ll still talk. Still see each other from time to time. But Evan knows that if it comes to a decision between him and hockey, the NHL will always come first.

Evan thinks he’s okay with that.

He knows Barty feels guilty about it already. He can see it in his eyes, in the ways he tries to prepare Evan for the inevitable. But it’s worth it, Evan thinks, the heartbreak he can see coming like a slow moving train. Worth it for the moments like this. 

Something is ringing.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, Evan wake up!”

It’s loud and annoying.

“We fell asleep. We fell asleep. Fuck my dad’s going to kill me.”

Ringing. Ringing. Ringing.

“I’m up, I’m up. Sorry, I didn’t think—I should have set an alarm.”

“I just—I need to go. I need to go now. I need to—“

“Bee it’ll be okay.”

Ringing. Ringing. Ringing.

“He—I wasn’t even supposed to be here. Fuck, I bet he went back to the rink to check.”

“What’s he going to do?”

“I just need to get home.”

“Yeah, but what’s gonna happen? What’s he going to do?”

“Evan. Just get in the car.”

“I’m not taking you back there if—“

“Get in the fucking car!”

Ringing. Ringing. Ringing.

“Okay.”

Ringing. Ringing. Ringing.

Ringing. Ringing. Ringing.

Ringing—

Evan knocks the phone off his bedside table and onto the floor. He’s not sure if somewhere in that process he manages to turn it off, but the noise, thankfully, stops. He sits up too fast, legs swinging over the side of his bed, knocking over the books beside him. He was supposed to be studying. He must have fallen asleep.

He drops his head into his hands, elbows on his knees, taking in a deep breath. The world filtering back in piece by piece. His dorm room, the afternoon sun, the empty bed beside him. No Barty. Not for a long time.

He exhales.

This isn’t how either of them saw this ending. It was supposed to be Barty who walked away, who broke Evan’s heart, that’s what they’d both prepared for. And then Barty had stood in front of that shot. And then Evan had to kneel on the ice and listen to him scream. 

Don’t make me break another one. Enough. Please let this be enough

How was he supposed to go back to normal after that? How was he supposed to keep dropping him off at that house? Keep helping him lie to his dad? When it was hurting him more than breaking bones? Evan doesn’t think there’s a limit to how far Mr Crouch will push his son. To how long he’ll keep patching him back together and throwing him on the ice.

But Evan has limits.

Has limits to how much pain he can witness.

Of course, he’d hoped that Barty would come with him. That all he needed was one person in his life to tell him that he could. That he was more important than the money and fame. Sometimes he still hopes that. That one of these days he’ll look up and find Barty standing in his doorway. 

It’s stupid. Obviously. But he can’t help it.

His phone starts ringing again, causing Evan to drop his hands away from his face as he looks down at it. It takes too long for him to realize that he should probably answer. A bit clumsily he gets off his bed, actually managing a smile when he sees the name on the screen.

“Hello you.”

“Evan!!! You picked up!!! Excellent, incredible, I knew I could count on you!”

He laughs quietly, sitting back down on his bed. “What’s up Cerci?”

“So, here’s the thing, there’s this ice cream shop that’s selling this like, unicorn themed ice cream.”

Evan feels his eyebrows raise. “Unicorn themed ice cream?”

“Yeah, it’s rainbow coloured with sparkly sprinkles and stuff. And I want it desperately.”

“Of course you do,” he bites on his lip, smiling.

“But Regulus isn’t answering his stupid phone and I can’t just go get unicorn ice cream on my own, you know?”

“You can’t?”

“No,” exasperated. “One person looks ridiculous eating something like that, but two people? Two people are in on the joke.”

“The joke?”

“Right. So, what d’you say?”

“Sorry, but Reg isn’t here,” he looks out at his empty room, at the unnervingly clean and tidy bed and desk that stare back at him.

“No, I’m asking you Evan. You. What do you say?”

Evan blinks. “You want to get ice cream with me?”

“Obviously.”

Something warm spreads through him at that, along his ribs, into his belly. Obviously. Obviously she wants to spend time with him. His smile grows a little even as his eyes trail over to the forgotten textbooks on his bed. He should really be studying. But. Well. “Screw it, where are we getting this shit?”

Cerci lets out a delighted squeak. “Yay!!! You’re gonna love it. I’m gonna take pictures of you eating it and everything.”

“Yeah, no.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll only send them to Regulus.”

“If you do that he’ll kick me out of the room just on principle.”

Cerci cackles. “Okay, alright, how about I meet you outside the dorms in twenty?”

“Sounds good, and uh—Cerci?”

“Uh-huh?”

He suddenly feels uncertain, cheeks growing a little hot as he rubs at the back of his neck. “Thanks, for…inviting me.”

“Aw stop,” her voice goes soft. “Don’t be sweet or I’ll turn to mush.”

He laughs. “Mush?”

“Yes, mush. You’ll have to come scrape me up off the floor.”

“Jeez, in that case I will tone down the sweetness from now on.” 

“My dignity appreciates it.”

When they hang up a few seconds later Evan is still smiling.

 

 

Part III Peter

 

“Sirius! You’re spilling it!”

“I am not!”

“Are too!”

“Am not!”

“Are to—“

“Children,” Remus interjects, looking between James and Sirius with exasperated fondness. “No bickering please.”

Fine, fine, James signs, though Peter’s pretty sure he feels him kicking Sirius under the table and Sirius returning fire. 

Remus must feel it too because he rolls his eyes before sending Peter a look. Peter gives him a knowing smile, raising his beer in commiseration. It’s Friday night, the Leaky is packed with people and filled with the sounds of shouting and singing, the four of them already nearly finished their second round of drinks.

Okay but look, James signs before gesturing at the soaking wet table in front of them. I’m sorry Sirius, but you can’t pour for shit. 

Sirius gives him the middle finger, chugging half his glass. Don’t be a little bitch Potter.

Oh I’m the little bitch? I’m not the one who was complaining all practice about being sore. James elbows Peter. “Back me up here Pete.”

Peter feels something nervous and happy in his chest. Things aren’t. They aren’t normal. Him and James—there’s still something standing between them, James holding him at arms length. But moments like this, moments like this give Peter hope.

“You were pretty whiny.”

Sirius gasps, hand clutching at his chest. “Traitor!” Peter does his best not to grimace. He knows that Sirius didn’t mean it like that. 

James only chuckles, reaching for the pitcher in the centre of the table and emptying the rest of it into his glass. “Since you spilt half of it you have to refill it,” he looks meaningfully at Sirius who rolls his eyes.

Yes mom, he signs.

All of them are smiling and Peter doesn’t think it’s just the alcohol that’s making him feel warm inside. Tonight is gonna be a good night. He can feel it. He can—

“Fabian!” Remus shouts, a bit too loud, half-standing up as he waves at the blushing blond boy across the room.

Sirius instantly goes tense and Peter notices the nervous look James sends him before he turns to Fabian and smiles. “Hey dude, good to see you!”

Fabian smiles back. “Hey, yeah, good to see you too. Ah—“ he looks at Peter. “Sorry, I don’t think we’ve met, I’m Fabian,” he offers Peter his hand and Peter takes it.

“Peter,” he says.

Sirius has become very interested in his drink all of a sudden, swirling it around and staring into the glass like he’s expecting to find the meaning of life at the bottom of it. James kicks him again.

“Ow—“ Sirius’s eyes snap up, glaring across the table. James gives him a meaningful look and after a second Sirius reluctantly acknowledges Fabian.

“Hey. I didn’t know you were coming.”

Peter is pretty sure James kicks him again, but this time Sirius must be ready for it because he doesn’t react. Instead, a threatening smile makes an appearance on his face that Peter would certainly cower away from if it was being directed at him, but maybe Fabian doesn’t know Sirius well enough to recognize when he’s being friendly and when he’s baring his teeth.

“Not that we aren’t thrilled that you’re here,” Sirius adds, several moments too late. 

Peter can see Remus craning from the back of the booth, trying to see their mouths. A nervous look in his eyes.

He’s playing nice, James signs to him, as subtle as he can. Remus gives him a skeptical look. I promise.

“Yeah I had a change of plans, friends cancelled so,” Fabian is rambling on. “Here I am.”

“Here you are,” Sirius has a mouth full of knives. “Lucky us.”

Fabian laughs, though Peter thinks it’s more a nervous reaction than anything else. He feels bad for the guy, honestly.

“Sorry, I’m being rude,” still sharp. “Here, have my seat,” Fabian’s eyes go wide as Sirius starts to slide out of the booth.

“No, no, you don’t have to do that! I can find a chair or—“ he starts frantically looking around himself.

“Nah, come on,” Sirius stands up, noticeably bigger than Fabian as he throws his arm over his shoulders. Somehow the gesture feels like a threat. “You gotta sit with your boy,” he nods at Remus who is looking very stressed at the moment. “Besides, I’ve gotta go get us a new pitcher. You like beer Fabian?”

“Uh, I mean not—I don’t drink much. But if that’s—sure?”

Sirius laughs. It’s not exactly friendly.

“Good answer,” he gives Fabian’s shoulder a squeeze before letting him go, Peter thinks he sees Fabian stumble a little.

It’s impressive really. Everything Sirius is saying is nice enough, but the tension at the table is unmistakable. All of them fidgeting uncomfortably, desperate to escape this. Or to just blow it up. Get it over with. 

“Sirius?” Remus says, eyes bouncing between Sirius and Fabian who is still standing awkwardly by the end of the table, like he’s afraid to actually take Sirius’s spot. It’s clear that Remus hasn’t been able to follow the conversation.

Where are you going?

This time, when Sirius smiles, it’s a bit softer. Just getting drinks Moony. Don’t worry. I’ll be back.

Remus looks at him for a second longer before nodding, small smile on his face as he turns his attention to Fabian, missing the way Sirius’s mask slips.

“Sirius,” James says, a little desperately. “I’ll come with, yeah?”

But Sirius shakes his head. “I got it Prongs, don’t worry. I spilt it right?” a pale imitation of his usual mirth as he peels away, heading for the bar, James watching after him like a nervous mum.

Peter is not entirely sure what just happened. He just knows that something happened. Maybe several things, now that he thinks about it. 

“So, you’re a hockey player too then?”

Peter blinks, attention drawn to the boy across from him. Fabian has a round face, cheeks all splotchy with a blush that seems to be a permanent part of his complexion, and warm blond hair he’s carefully combed and pushed out of his eyes. Not that it stays that way, mind you.

“Er—yeah, goalie,” he tries to smile back reassuringly.

“Ah, so the position where people are actively shooting pucks at your face then?”

Peter laughs. “Yeah, I guess, that’s how my mom would describe it that’s for sure.”

“He’s one tough motherfucker our Petey, isn’t that right?” James reaches over and musses his hair.

“Oh fuck off!” he shoves James away, even though he doesn’t want to. Even though he’s positively preening at the show of affection.

“Don’t let him fool you Fabian,” James goes on. “Once he gets between the pipes he has nerves of steel. Most intimidating stare I’ve ever seen.”

“You do look very intimidating in all your pads and stuff,” Remus says. He’s leaning into Fabian’s side, holding his hand on top of the table. It’s…weird. Like someone wearing the wrong sized clothing. It just doesn’t fit right.

“Hey!” James shouts, Peter turns to him but the other boy is staring over his head, waving at someone across the bar. “Hey! Rosy! Rosy, over here!”

Peter’s stomach drops as he looks over to see the big D-man making his way towards them. You would think it’d be hard, avoiding someone you see almost every day, but Peter has become an expert at staying away from Evan Rosier, and he doesn’t intend to change that now.

“I er—“ he mumbles, already tripping out of the booth. “I’m gonna see where Sirius is with the drinks.”

James sends him a curious look but he’s pushing into the crowd before anyone can ask him any questions. It’s hot and sweaty, his shirt starting to stick to him by the time he makes it to the bar. People are gently pushing and shoving, trying to get to their tables, to their drinks, to their friends. Peter feels a bit like a tiny ship on a rocky sea. At first he can’t find Sirius but then—over at the end, full pitcher and glass in front of him—figures he’d go to get booze only to drink it all himself.

Peter slides onto the bar stool next to him. “Decided to have a party all by yourself then?”

“Something like that.” Sirius has his elbows on the bar, glaring into the crowd.

“Who’re you hiding from?”

Sirius makes an affronted noise, though he doesn’t stop glaring. “Not hiding.” 

“Uh-huh,” Peter gives him a skeptical once over before waving the bartender down. “Can we get another glass?”

She nods, and a second later Peter is pounding back his own drink, squinting as he tries to figure out what the hell Sirius is staring at. It takes a second, there’s a lot of people moving in and out of his view. But eventually he realizes, if you tilt your head just right, you can see—

“Okay, what is the deal with you and Fabian?”

That makes Sirius shift his glare to Peter, which he is, admittedly, not a fan of. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Sirius.”

“Peter.”

“You were being weird,” he gestures vaguely in the direction of their table.

“I was being nice.”

“Yeah, like, psychotic nice though. The kind of nice someone is before they lock you in their basement and chop you into little pieces.”

Sirius arches his brow. “You’ve been watching too many true crime documentaries.”

Peter rolls his eyes. “Whatever. You get my point.”

Sirius stares at him for a few more seconds before he takes another drink, licking his lips when he’s done. “He doesn’t—” Sirius starts and then stops, looking for his words. “I mean, doesn’t he bother you? Even just a little?”

Peter blinks. “Fabian?”

“Yeah.”

“The sweet blushy barista boy?”

Sirius rolls his eyes. “Sweet. Nice. They’re all just different words for boring.”

Peter scrunches up his face. “I’m not an English major or anything, but I’m pretty sure that’s not true.” Sirius, however, does not appear to be listening. Or perhaps he is simply not interested in the semantics of the English language.

“Remus deserves better than boring. Than nice,” he goes on. “Remus deserves someone incredible. Remus—you know, he needs someone who sees him. Like properly sees him. Sees how fucking amazing he is. Cause he’s like—yeah—like the most incredible person I know. And it drives me fucking crazy that he’s settling for nice.” 

Sirius’s cheeks are pink but Peter can’t tell if it’s from the speech or the alcohol, his eyes bouncing between Sirius and Fabian. Trying to figure something out.

“Wait.”

His brain whirrs like an overheated engine.

“Wait, wait, wait.” 

The other boy sighs. “I know, okay? I know. He’s allowed to date whomever he wants. Even if the person he wants is fucking lame,” Sirius takes a bitter sip of his beer.

“What? No.” And then, realizing what he’s just said: “I mean yes, obviously Remus can date whoever he wants, but that isn’t what I—Sirius?” he leans forward. “Are you…are you jealous?”

There is a moment of absolute stillness, the two boys staring at one another. Peter wonders vaguely if he’s about to get punched in the mouth. But then—

Sirius laughs.

“Yeah, no shit I’m jealous,” it’s an obnoxious laugh, like a little kid. “He’s out here hogging one of my best friends.”

Peter squints at him, opens his mouth, and then closes it again. “Nah, fuck it. I’m not touching this.”

“What?” Sirius demands as Peter takes another long drag of his drink. “Not touching what? What’re you talking about?”

“Nothing,” Peter wipes his mouth on the back of his hand. “Nothing. Forget about—“ at that moment he sees Evan walking back in their direction and drops down flat onto the bar top.

Sirius gives him a baffled look. “What the fuck are you doing?”

“Nothing, shh, I’m not doing anything,” he leans to the side of his stool, trying to get as far out of Evan’s line of sight as he can. “Just pretend I’m not here.”

“Pretend you’re not—wait, who the hell are you hiding from?” Sirius starts looking around.

“Sirius!” Peter hisses. “Sirius just—“

“Ohhh,” Sirius interrupts, turning back to Peter with a smug smirk on his face. “That’s who you’re hiding from,” he nods towards Evan who is currently hugging the weird girl that hangs around Regulus.

“Whatever.”

Sirius bends down so that his face is level with Peter’s. “Talk to him.”

Peter shakes his head, looking away. And then, after several seconds: “I don’t know what to say.”

“The truth,” Sirius responds, like it’s simple. Which it isn’t. Not at all. Nothing ever is. “And then sorry.”

“Ugh,” Peter scrapes at his face before looking back at Evan. “I don’t know how. I—I don’t know how.”

Sirius seems to think about that for a moment before; “For what it’s worth, Rosy is a pretty nice guy. I think if you’re looking for understanding he’s about as close to it as you’re gonna get.”

Peter breathes out through his nose. “You think I should just do it?”

Sirius nods while taking a sip of his drink. “I do.”

“Now?”

“No time like the present.”

Peter groans again, dropping his forehead onto the bar. “I don’t wanna.”

“Come on Pete,” Sirius slaps him on the back. “Just get it over with, make James happy yeah? Listen, if Rosy tries to fight you I’ll—well, actually, I probably won’t do anything because that kid’s a tank.”

Peter groans again.

“But if it makes you feel better, I really don’t think he’s going to try to fight you.”

Peter looks up at him. “Yeah?”

Sirius nods. “Yeah, go on. I believe in you.”

Peter rolls his eyes but he does drag himself off of his stool. Breathing out and closing his eyes for a second; “Okay, I can do this,” he tries to reassure himself.

“Hell yeah you can!” Sirius squeezes his shoulder. “Go forth and prosper or whatever the fuck.”

Peter cracks his eyes open.“Good thing James is the one in charge of giving pre-game speeches, huh?”

“Oh fuck you, I’m very inspirational you little shit,” he shoves Peter forward and the goalie giggles, stumbling into the crowd, maybe a little drunker than he should be. Though if he’s being honest, there was no world in which he was going to be able to have this conversation sober.

Evan is standing against the wall talking to that girl, she leans into him the same way Remus was leaning into Fabian, and he can’t help but wonder if they’re together. Evan spots him when he’s still a few feet away, face lighting up as he smiles, making Peter’s stomach curdle.

“Pettigrew hey!” he holds his fist out and Peter meets it.

“Hey Rosy, hey,” exchanging awkward eye contact with his girl.

“Right, yeah,” Evan laughs. “Peter Cerci, Cerci Peter,” gesturing between them.

“Hello,” Cerci says happily. “You’re very good at catching pucks.”

That makes Peter laugh. “Thank you, I try. You come to our games?”

She beams at him. “Every one.”

Peter lets out a low whistle. “Damn, big hockey fan?”

“Nope,” she says, Evan looking at her affectionately. “Barely know how it works to be honest with you.”

“So…” he glances between the pair of them, feeling like he’s missed something. It’s not a new feeling for Peter, who is perpetually on the outside of some inside joke. “Why come to the games then?”

“Well, someone has to wave to Evan.”  

“Right,” like he understands, which he absolutely does not. He’d ask her to explain but, something about Cerci makes him nervous. She’s honest in that unpredictable way that makes it hard to know what she’s going to say next. “Um…” he’s not entirely sure where to go from here, “well…” the three of them all look at one another, a noticeable lull in the conversation. “So Rosy, I was kinda hoping to—uh—to maybe talk to you?” 

Evan’s eyes widen in surprise. “Oh—okay, sure dude, what’s up?”

“Um…” Peter looks at Cerci out of the corner of his eye, passing his weight back and forth between his feet, not sure how to politely ask her to please go away. Turns out the silence is enough.

“Ah,” Cerci says. “Got it. I’ll go wait for Regulus by the bar.”

“Sorry,” Peter mumbles, feeling incredibly embarrassed by all of this, and wondering if maybe he would’ve managed it a little smoother without the three beers currently sloshing around in his stomach.

In any case, Cerci waves him off. “No worries,” she closes the already negligible space between her and Evan, going up on her toes and giving him a kiss on the cheek—he actually still has to lean down slightly for her to reach. “Come find us later yeah?”

Evan’s smile has gone goofy. “Yeah, sure. Of course.”

A second later she’s swallowed by the crowd, Evan’s eyes following her.

“So—uh—“ Peter says, trying and failing to sound natural “Are you two like, a thing then?”

Evan blinks, refocusing. “What?” he seems surprised. “No, no, no, we’re just…friends.”

Peter gives him a look, “Uh-huh.” He wonders if all these people are actually as stupid as they’re acting, or if they’re just pretending for some reason. “You wanna sit?” he asks, gesturing to the tiny table a few feet away.

“Sure.”

They’re really too big for this—the table wobbles and creaks when they touch it, their knees bumping together when they sit down. With every passing second Peter is regretting his decision to have this conversation here more and more.

“Alright dude, the suspense is killing me,” Evan gives him a smile. It’s kind of his thing. Smiling. Him and Fabian should have a nice-off or something. “What’s going on?”

Peter looks at him for a long moment. This is a bad idea. He’s had weeks—weeks—to have this conversation, and he’s decided a crowded bar is the place to do it? He should come up with an excuse, make up some other reason he wanted to talk and do this another day. Tomorrow even. Except, the alcohol in his system is saying “fuck it” and for some reason his brain finds that to be a compelling argument.

He sighs, running a hand over his face and leaning forward, the table between them threatening to collapse. “I need to apologize,” he says finally. Evan looks at him quizzically but Peter presses on, no longer making eye contact. “I need to apologize for what happened at the rookie party.” 

“Oh,” Evan sounds startled. “Oh well, that’s—nah dude, don’t worry about it. Honestly, I need to learn how to hold my liquor better,” he laughs but Peter doesn’t, shaking his head slowly.

“No. No you don’t. It—“ his throat suddenly feels unbearably tight and dry. “It was spiked Evan,” he forces the words out. “We spiked it.”

He waits.

Waits.

Waits.

But there’s nothing. No shouting. No punches being thrown. Nothing happens. He doesn’t know how much time passes exactly, he’s not really the best judge at this point, but it feels like a while. Too long. And part of him wonders if Evan has just got up and left, but when he finally forces himself to look up from the table the other boy is still there.

Even in the dark he looks pale.

“The police—“ Evan has to stop and clear his throat. “The police said there were drugs but I thought…” he breathes out, leaning back slightly. “I don’t remember most of that night so I could have taken something and just forgotten, but…spiked?” there’s something trembling about his voice. “You guys planned it?” 

It physically pains Peter to speak. “Yeah, we—yeah.” Evan just keeps looking at him, so Peter has no choice but to keep going; “I spiked it.”

Evan’s eyes go wide. “But—what? We’d barely spoken.”

“It wasn’t…personal,” Peter says, hating the way it sounds.

“Wasn’t personal,” Evan repeats. “I mean shit Peter, it felt kind of personal.”

Peter nods, accepting that. “I know. I know but it—it wasn’t supposed to go that far. He wasn’t supposed to go that far.”

“He—Nick you mean?”

Peter nods again. “He wasn’t supposed to make you drink the whole bottle,” and then, words scratchy on his tongue. “He wasn’t supposed to keep feeding you drinks after.”

“Feeding me drinks,” Evan sounds dazed. “He was feeding me drinks?”

“Yes.”

“He knew the bottle was spiked?”

“Yes.”

Evan nods, the movement jerky. “And no one stopped him?”

Peter can’t help but cringe. It’s impossible to explain—explain that he couldn’t. Because you couldn’t. You had to play along, if you wanted to be one of the boys you had to play along. 

“I’m sorry Evan. Really I am, if I could go back—“

“What was it supposed to be like?” Evan cuts him off, making Peter fidget. “After you drugged me with—with what was it?”

A wave of nausea washes over him. “Rohypnol.”

Evan laughs again, and even with the noise of the bar Peter can hear the sadness in it. “You roofied me? You—my—my team, my—this—you roofied me?” he scrubs at his face.

“It wasn’t supposed to be the way it was,” Peter insists again. “It was supposed to be fun Evan, it was supposed to be—“

“Nah but I have a hard time believing that though,” his hands drop away from his face, and the remarkable thing is that he doesn’t look angry. Not really. He just looks sad. Looks like a kid on the cusp of eighteen. Looks like someone who won’t be trusting people quite so easily from now on.

We did that, Peter thinks suddenly.

The rest of his life he’ll always be a little suspicious of the people around him and that’s on us.

On me.

“Because if it was supposed to be fun you would have asked,” Evan goes on. “If it was supposed to be fun you would have asked. You—you wanted me to feel small. And scared.”

Peter opens his mouth but nothing comes out.

He sees flickering moments—himself in a living room, holding a cup, a line of older boys staring him down.

The bathroom floor.

The marker on his skin. 

“And you succeeded,” Evan gets clumsily out of his seat. “Scared and small. That’s exactly how I felt.”

“Evan—“

But the other boy waves him off. “Nah I—not now okay? I can’t do anymore of this right now I just…” he lets his voice drop and Peter nods.

“Of course. I’m sorry. Really Rosy—Evan. I’m so fucking—“ he chokes on his words and Evan just looks back at him blankly.

Which Peter thinks is fair because, honestly, what does he expect?

“Okay,” is what Evan says eventually. “I’m gonna—“ he nods in the opposite direction, not waiting for a response before he starts walking away. It’s impossible to lose track of Evan, he towers over most of the room, making his way to the bar. No doubt looking for Cerci and Regulus. Peter hangs his head, hands pressing against his burning face.

And for a moment. Just a moment. He hates James.

Hates him for forcing this.

Maybe telling the truth was the right thing to do, fine. But from where he’s sitting, all he’s done is hurt them both.

 

 

Part IV James

 

“Come on,” Fabian is tugging lightly on Remus’s arm, smiling shyly at him. “Come dance with me.”

“I can’t dance!” Remus laughs, before tapping his ear. “No rhythm.”

But fabian is not deterred. “It’s alright, I’m a strong leader.”

“Oh yeah?”

They make disgusting eye contact for a good five seconds before Remus eventually shakes his head. “Can’t just leave James here all alone, can I?”

James snorts. Don’t use me as your excuse.

I’m not! Remus insists, like a liar. And then, biting his lower lip: You’re sure you’re alright with me going?

Remus, I’m begging you at this point. Go make-out with your boyfriend on the dance floor.

Remus rolls his eyes. Okay, well I’m not going to do that.

That’s what all the good girls say.

Remus flips James off which makes Fabian laugh.

“Woah, don’t need to know sign language to understand that one. What’s going on?”

But Remus only shakes his head. “I’m going to embarrass us both with my terrible dancing, that’s what’s going on.”

“Heck yeah!” Fabian says excitedly, leaning forward and kissing Remus sweetly before pulling them out of the booth. James smiles, only a little jealous as he looks down at his nearly finished beer, passing the glass back and forth between his hands. Sirius never did come back with that pitcher.

He isn’t sure where he is. Wouldn’t put it past him to have run into some girl on the way to the bar and taken her home. Peter has also disappeared, that’s a bit more of a mystery if he’s being honest. He swirls the last of his beer around before draining the glass, putting it down and searching the crowd for his friends.

His eyes find their way to the bar, lazily scanning the clusters of faces until a dark head of curls makes his gaze trip and stumble and crash into the floor. For a second he thinks maybe he’s having some kind of hallucination, but no. No. It’s definitely him. And almost, probably, most likely real.

Regulus.

Oh.

He must be drunker than he thought because he barely manages to stay in his seat.

Oh hello.

Oh hi.

Oh hey.

You’re here.

He swallows with difficulty, eyes glued to the frowning face across the room, occasionally blocked by people walking through James’s line of sight. He can’t go up to him, he knows he can’t, can’t do anything but stay right where he is. Because Sirius might still be around. And even if he wasn’t, Regulus is…well…he wouldn’t forgive James for making a scene. And in Regulus’s mind the pair of them talking in a bar would count as a scene.

So he doesn’t move. But he drinks up the sight of the other boy greedily. Always desperate for more. Regulus Black is beautiful. The kind of beauty that makes words twist themselves into knots trying to describe him.That makes the sun bow down in surrender trying to outshine him. That makes James’s heart tremble trying to love him. Regulus Black is beautiful.

And he’s also fucking angry.

It takes James a moment to make that observation, partially because Regulus makes his brain go fuzzy, and partially because he’s on the other side of a crowded bar. It looks like he’s standing with Rosy and Cerci—at least he is until he starts moving. There’s something about the way he pushes through people, the sharp jerky movements of his arms, the set of his shoulders—like he’s gearing up for a fight. And he’s coming…towards James?

Which makes no sense at all.

James looks around himself, trying to find some plausible explanation but he can’t see any other reason that Regulus would be coming in this direction. And he’s definitely coming in this direction. The closer he gets the more apparent the rage in his gaze becomes.

“Hey,” Peter appears out of the crowd. “Sorry that took so long, couldn’t—uh—couldn’t find Sirius,” James has just enough time to look at Peter before Regulus is there. He grabs Peter’s arm yanking him around and punching him in the face.

For a second, James swears the whole bar goes still.

To Peter’s credit, he doesn’t hit the ground like Mulciber, but he does stumble back into the table, the empty glasses toppling over and clattering to the floor. James has barely processed any of this when Regulus starts moving again, Peter shoving him back, the pair grappling with one another, staggering around the bar that is far too full for this. Someone is shouting for security.

James’s brain seems to finally wake up and he launches out of his seat. “Regulus what the fuck?” he shouts as he tries to tear the pair apart.

Regulus is the smallest of the three of them, but he’s also the most sober, and he’s fucking slippery. Arm snaking past James to snag Peter’s jaw.

“Man what is your problem!” Peter surges forward, managing, despite James’s best efforts, to get Regulus by the collar and shake him.

“Hey!” James shouts, still struggling with them.

And then, suddenly, Regulus isn’t there anymore.

James gets both his hands on Peter’s shoulders, holding him back as he looks over to see Sirius struggling with his brother. He’s come at him from behind, one arms across Regulus’s chest, the other around his middle, but it is immediately apparent that however drunk James and Peter are, Sirius is much, much drunker. And it’s making it hard for him to keep his hold.

“Regulus chill the fuck out!” Sirius yells. “What the hell are you doing?”

“Let go of me!”

“No, you little psycho.”

“Let go of me, fucking—fuck you! You knew didn’t you? You knew and you didn’t do anything!”

James feels Peter go tense under his hands, no longer fighting, and when he looks over at him his face is pale.

“Regulus what are you talking about?”

“Reg—“

Evan has appeared at the edge of the small space that’s opened up around them, side effect of people trying not to get hit. He looks a little sick, and suddenly the pieces start to fall into place for James.

“Come on, lets just go home yeah?”

It’s a valiant effort, but there is no way the fury in Regulus’s eyes is going to be put out that easily. A fire that wants to burn everything in its path.

“You fucking knew!”

“Knew what Regulus? Christ.” The pair of brothers are stumbling around, Sirius unable to keep his balance, Regulus still fighting him.

“He drugged him.”

“Regulus,” Evan says weakly. “Leave it. It doesn’t matter.” James can now see Cerci at his side, hand on his arm, eyes intent on Regulus, like she’s ready to step in at any moment if she thinks Sirius is being too rough with him.

Peter has noticeably wilted, curling in on himself, using James more as a shield than anything else. James lets him go, turning to face Regulus properly.

“It’s complicated, okay Regulus?”

His fury is turned on James now, and while he doesn’t buckle under it, it’s a near thing.

Oh hello.

Oh hi.

Oh hey.

You’re here.

“Complicated,” Regulus spits the word out of his mouth. “James Potter, the great moral authority. Everything is black and white with you until one of your buddies is involved right? Then it’s complicated.”

That. Stings.

“I—“

“The hell is going on here?” says a middle aged man dressed in all black, a walkie-talkie hanging from his belt.

No one moves.

“Well?” he demands.

James thinks the bar might have turned the music off, it’s hard to tell, his ears are ringing, everything blurry. Fuck he wishes he was sober.   

“Nothing,” Regulus says finally. “Nothing’s going on.”

The security guard laughs. “Yeah, not buying that kid,” eyes bouncing between the lot of them.

“I’m leaving. I’m going—Sirius let go of me,” he rips himself out of his brother’s hands. “I started the fight and I’m leaving. So there’s nothing going on.”

The old man raises his bushy eyebrows. “Now hold on—“ but Regulus does not, of course, hold on. People practically jumping out of his way as he heads for the door. James and Sirius make bewildered eye contact before James turns to Peter.

“Hey,” he asks, as quietly as he can over the noise of the room. “You okay?”

Peter wipes the blood from his lip on the back of his hand. “Fine.”

“Do you need ice or—“

“This is your fucking fault, you know that?”

James blinks, taking a step back. “What?”

“I didn’t want to tell him.”

“Peter—“

“I knew this would fucking happen, I knew—“ his voice breaks and James reaches out but Peter shakes his head. “No I—no. I don’t want,” he exhales. “I’m going home.”

“Peter!”

But Peter doesn’t look back. And James isn’t sure he should follow. He’s only standing there for a second before:

“James!”

He turns around to find Remus making a B-line for him, Fabian a few steps behind, caught in the crowd.

“What happened?” face lined with concern. “I couldn’t get through—I couldn’t—what the hell happened?”

For a second all James can do is stare at him, not sure he has any idea himself. “Um—“ he finally manages, voice rough. “Can you go find Pete?” which isn’t an answer, but it’s what matters right now. “I—he doesn’t want to see me but—I think—um—I think maybe he needs someone.”

Remus nods slowly. “Yeah, yeah of course,” and then, stepping closer. “James, are you okay?”

“Me?” he tries for a reassuring smile. “Sure.”

Remus looks like he’s going to argue but then, apparently, thinks better of it. James is grateful.

“I’ll text you when I find him okay?” he says, as he starts heading in the direction Peter went.

“Thanks.”

Sirius is gone, so are Rosy and Cerci, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out where. James doesn’t look for his coat. He just starts moving. Ignoring the looks people give him as he pushes towards the door, the music starting up again just as he makes it outside. The cold feels like having a bucket of ice water dumped over his head, and his teeth start chattering almost instantly. He hadn’t realized how hot it’d gotten inside.

Without thinking, he starts in the direction of campus.

“There’s no point James.”

He nearly trips, whirling around himself before he finds Sirius sitting on the ground, back against the bar, head tilted towards the sky.

“Well,” Sirius goes on. “Unless you want to hear some very creative insults. I got ‘less spine than a jellyfish’ and ‘hockey fuckwit’ so, there’s really no telling what he might come up with next.” James stares at Sirius for a moment before looking back down the street.

“Evan and Cerci are with him?” he can’t see them, Regulus must have been moving fast. 

“Yupppp.”

James wants to go after him anyway. Stupid and reckless and pointless as it would be. He wants to go anyway. Except that, some part of him, the small rational part, knows that it would be a betrayal of Regulus. Putting him in that position. Another betrayal.

He sighs, giving up and joining Sirius on the ground. The wall is cold when he leans back against it, the pair of them sitting in silence, listening to the noises of the bar spilling out into the street in small drips. James eventually speaks: “Peter is mad at me.”

Sirius snorts. “Well, isn’t that fun of him. Why is that then?”

James pushes his glasses up into his hair, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Because. Because I made him promise to tell Rosy the truth. And Rosy clearly told Regulus ergo—“

Sirius laughs. “Ergo what’re you writing an essay?”

“ERGO,” James goes on, “this is all my fault.”

“Mm, indeed,” Sirius says reasonably. “Hard to argue with that logic.”

James rolls his head towards him, giving his best friend an exasperated look. “Are you too drunk for this conversation?”

“On the contrary, I’m not nearly drunk enough.”

Now it’s James’s turn to laugh, knocking their shoulders together as they drift into silence again, the night interrupted by the occasional car, or drunk college student stumbling by.   

“Remus?” Sirius asks eventually.

“I sent him after Peter.”

Sirius nods. “Good call.”

“I make those occasionally.”

“Fabian with him?” an unmistakable point to his words. Sharp enough to cut yourself on. 

“Er,” James puts his glasses back in place. “Yeah, I think?”

“Of course he is.”

Something in his voice draws James’s eyes to him. Sirius’s pale face glows in the streetlights, the bags under his eyes unmistakable. James knows for a fact that his brother has a matching pair.

“Sirius,” James says finally, voice quiet. Sirius doesn’t answer but James knows he’s listening. “I don’t think…I don’t think your friend dating someone is supposed to feel like this.”

Sirius is still staring very resolutely across the street, face blank, every muscle in his body held tight. Like he’s made of stone. The silence stretching on. And on. And on.

“I know,” he says finally. Confesses really, eyes squeezing shut. “I know.”

Like it hurts.

James isn’t sure what to do with that. Isn’t sure what he was expecting. Feelings are not straightforward things with Sirius. They never have been. He waits to see if there’s more but Sirius stays silent, and eventually James throws his arm around him, pulling Sirius against his side and kissing the top of his head.

“I keep getting it wrong huh?” dead humour in Sirius’s voice. “Regulus. Remus. I keep getting it wrong.”

James only shakes his head, still holding Sirius against him as he looks up at the stars. “We’re gonna be okay, you know?” he manages finally. He’s not even sure where it comes from exactly—vague memories of sleepy promises made into Regulus’s neck.

I’d find you. In every universe.

You and Sirius.

I’d find you and keep you safe.

James squeezes Sirius a little tighter. “We’re going to be okay.”  

In every universe. 

I’ll make sure of it.

      

                     

 

 

 
Notes:

    Heeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyy!

    I love the idea that all fanfiction is like an alternative universe in a way, and that in every reality these characters find and love each other, and so like, James in this chapter was a bit of a nod to that, a breaking of the fourth wall if you will

    Also very big fan of Regulus's "Nobody fucks with my baby" attitude when it comes to Evan, just forever defending his honour

    I would like to say more things but I am very tired and my brain has turned into some kind of sludge-like substance that is just slopping around in my skull (ew) BUT other chapters will definitely follow this chapter and things will for sure be happing in them I can guarantee it!

    LOVE YOU BYE

    woooooooow I totally forgot about the French (sorry France, love you promise, real long bread, very smelly cheese, so mean, I'm into it)

    "Why are you defending her? She's not here, I don't understand why you keep doing this? I don't understand why you left if you're going to continue being her fucking lapdog."

Chapter 14
Summary:

    Oh brother

Notes:

    tw homophobic language (Mulciber)

    tw the like smallest bit of violence

    tw eating stuff, just, mostly the effects of not eating, some anxiety around eating, weight loss is mentioned (like reg has lost weight that's the extent there's no detailed descriptions of it)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Regulus

 

He stares at the words on the page in front of him and begs his mind to focus. Please, please, please. But he keeps getting down to the bottom of the page without any memory of what came before. His eyes flick to the time in the corner of his screen. It’s already been an hour. This is only the first reading. He has about another seven he has to get through before tomorrow. Please, please, please. His fingers drum on the desk. His leg bouncing up and down underneath. He reaches for his coffee mug only to find it empty. He might be hungry but he’s not sure. Regardless, the idea of walking into the meal hall right now makes his skin itch. Besides, it’s not as though he deserves it. He hasn’t gotten anything done. Failures don’t get lunch breaks.

He can hear Evan talking as he opens the door. It’s a relief when he sees that his roommate is just on the phone and not actually bringing someone into their room right now. He’s not sure he could handle it.

“Yeah, yeah I know,” Evan is saying as he kicks off his shoes.

Regulus tries to ignore him. Tries to focus.

“I mean I haven’t seen it? So maybe?”

One sentence, he begs himself. Just read one sentence.

“Listen I’ll do it, but if he breaks my phone you’re buying me a new one.”

Fuck it, he’ll take a word at this point.

“Regulus? Hey Regulus?”

He looks up when Evan nudges his shoulder, his phone held out in his hand. Regulus takes one look at it before turning back to his computer. “No.”

“Reg come on, Sirius says you’re not picking up your phone.”

He isn’t. Doesn’t even know where his phone is at the moment. Probably lying dead at the bottom of his closet somewhere. He hid it around James’s tenth phone call.

“Regulus,” Evan waves the phone obnoxiously in his face. “Just talk to him for five seconds okay?”

He glares at Evan before snatching the phone out of his hand and holding it petulantly to his ear. “Are you dying?” he snaps.

“What? Reg?”

“Are you dying? Have you been hit by a car? Mortally wounded? Are you bleeding out in a ditch somewhere?”

“Jesus Christ, could you just—“

“Answer the question Sirius. Are. You. Dying.”

There’s a heavy sigh on the other end of the line. “No. But—“

Regulus does not want to hear the but, hanging up immediately and placing the phone face down beside him. Evan grabs it like he’s worried Regulus will change his mind and fling it at the wall. Honestly, he might.

“You’re gonna have to talk to him eventually.”

Regulus snorts. “Me and Sirius are very good at not talking, I promise you. It’s kind of our thing.”

Evan huffs. “This is stupid. You’re being stupid. If I can talk to him—“

“How can you talk to him?” Regulus snaps, turning to look at a slightly startled Evan. “I mean really, after the shit they pulled—“

“Sirius wasn’t even there,” Evan says quickly.

“They knew about Peter. They knew.”

Evan looks at him for a moment before shrugging, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Listen, Regulus, it was shitty—“

“Shitty.”

“—but it isn’t the worst thing that’s ever been done at a rookie party. Not by a long shot. You played, you know.”

“So…what? They just get away with it?”

Evan shrugs again, looking about as uncomfortable as Regulus has ever seen him. “It’s just how it is.”

He feels like his head is going to explode. “Fuck how it is.”

“Regulus,” Evan sighs, walking over to his bed and sitting down. “Just leave it okay? I’m fine.”

“You’re not fucking fine, you’re hurt. They hurt you and I—” his mind fails to come up with the appropriate word. The right way to phrase what he is. What he feels. The silence drags on. 

Evan looks at him, a sad smile in the corner of his mouth. “You’re a lot sweeter than people think, huh?”

Regulus glares even as he feels his cheeks growing pink. “Fuck you.”

“That’s basically ‘I love you’ coming from you.”

“Go to the cops Evan,” not letting him change the subject. “Tell them what happened.”

The mirth drains from Evan’s face. “I’m not gonna do that. You know I’m not gonna do that.”

“Why not?” through gritted teeth.

Evan gives him a helpless look. “They’re team.”

Useless. Stupid. Pointless.

“Would they still want to be your team if they knew you were fucking Barty Crouch?”

Evan flinches and Regulus feels guilty but also he doesn’t. Because he’s right. He is right. Evan is protecting a bunch of people who wouldn’t think twice about tossing him aside. Regulus tells himself his anger is all on Evan’s behalf. Tells himself that this isn’t about him. It isn’t about Christopher. Or James. It isn’t about the fear that he felt. The fear that he feels.

No.

This is about Evan.

The other boy opens his mouth but before he can speak someone starts banging on their door. For a moment both of them stare at it. And when the obnoxious knocking continues—

“Sirius I swear to god if that’s you,” Regulus mutters as he drags himself out of his seat and towards the door. “I’m going to—“

But it isn’t Sirius.

“Severus?” he asks, brow furrowing.

“Why the fuck aren’t you answering your phone?” the older boy snaps.

Regulus isn’t quite able to form a reply to that, completely baffled by his presence. “I—“

“Forget it, lets go.”

“Go?” Regulus blinks. His head feels foggy. “What?”

Severus fixes him with an irritated look that Regulus does not feel he deserves. “Lucius has called us all in, some kind of emergency, all hands on deck. And you’re not responding to your fucking emails. Or your fucking phone calls.”

Regulus is still reeling from the fact that Severus Snape is at his door. “Lucius wants us to come into the office today?”

“He wanted us in the office thirty minutes ago, so lets go,” he waves his hand impatiently. 

“Uh—I—listen, I can’t come, I have—“ he looks back at his desk, at the readings waiting for him. Assignments already late.

“You don’t come with me right now,” Severus brings Regulus’s attention back to him. “He’s firing you.”

Regulus blinks. Part of him wants to just close the door and be done with this. What does he care? He hates this internship, he never wanted to be there in the first place, even before Mulciber. Before Lucius. Failure, whispers the voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like his mother. Weak. Broken.

What was it she’d said, when he’d been admitted to the hospital?

Oh yeah.

“I thought you were better than this.”  

He doesn’t think he is. Better than this, that is. Better than quitting. Better than giving-up. But he’d rather not have to hear the disgust in her voice again if he can help it.

“Ok,” he says finally. “Just let me grab my coat.”

 

 

They don’t speak on the subway ride over. They don’t speak as they walk up to the front doors. Or as they ride in the elevator. Regulus feels like he should say something. Should say thank you. This is the second time Severus has saved his ass for reasons he cannot understand. But he can’t quite make his mouth form the words. So he stays quiet.

The office is dead, they aren’t supposed to be open today, but Severus doesn’t seem concerned—weaving his way through the desks, Regulus following behind. The edges of his vision are a bit blurry, hands shaky. He should eat. He can’t remember the last time he did. But the thought makes him feel vaguely sick.

Severus opens the door to one of the boardrooms, revealing a space filled with boxes of documents, and a table covered in stacks of files.

“Nice of you to join us,” Lucius is standing at the head of the table, suit jacket tossed aside, the sleeves of his white dress shirt rolled up, hair slipping out of the ponytail he normally keeps it in. When his eyes find Regulus the younger boy looks away. The sick feeling in his stomach growing. 

“Sorry,” Severus says flatly. “There was a delay on the subway.”

It takes every ounce of self-control Regulus has not to gawk at him in shock.

“And yet somehow everyone else managed to make it on time,” neither of them have an answer for that but Lucius doesn’t seem to expect one. “We need help with the financial due diligence on the merger. It’s taken longer than expected,” Regulus doesn’t think he imagines the way Lucius’s sharp gaze darts to Mulciber. He takes some satisfaction in knowing that his replacement on the project is clearly fucking incompetent. “So grab a box, start highlighting, we need to have an accurate summary of their revenue, profits, and financial assets before noon tomorrow.”

Noon tomorrow.

“We’re gonna be here all night?” Regulus asks before he can stop himself.

Lucius looks at him and he can feel himself shrink. Like he’s an inch tall. “If it takes you all night. You will be here all night. If you want to get out of here faster I’d suggest grabbing a box and getting to work.” He’s pretty sure he hears Nick snort behind him.

Severus and Regulus grab boxes, silently sitting next to one another and getting to work. Regulus’s ability to focus is not any better now than it was when he was back in his dorm room. Legal documents are not exactly the most stimulating material and he knows he’s going too slowly. His only saving grace is that everyone else is too busy to notice.

He pulls a new stack of documents towards him, hands trembling slightly as he does. It’s not noticeable really, but when he looks up he finds Severus’s eyes on him. Concern would be the wrong word. It’s more like curiosity.

“You okay Black?” he asks in that same flat voice he says everything.

Regulus nods. “Yeah. Fine. Just need some…water.”

Severus arches a skeptical brow but Regulus ignores him, getting out of his seat and mumbling his excuses as he heads for the door. The fluorescent lights are too bright, they’re hurting his head. His eyes. The air too dry. He gulps down his first glass of water. Barely goes any slower with the second, bracing his hands on the counter when he finishes.

Come on, he snaps at himself. Get it together, get it together, get it together. 

“An hour in and you’re already acting like a little bitch.”

Regulus grits his teeth, nails biting into the linoleum counter.

“And you were late too,” Nick laughs. “No wonder Lucius got sick of you.”

He should refill his glass and head back to the boardroom. There’s no point entertaining this conversation. Nothing productive is going to come from it. A waste of his time.

“Hello? You deaf now too? Like your brother’s little gaylord friend?”

For just a second, Regulus’s eyes go to the butterknife in the drying wrack next to him. He thinks he probably could get it through Nick’s skin. It’d be messy though. And he kind of likes this shirt.

“What is your problem?” he manages finally, turning around to face the asshole currently leaning against the fridge in front of him.

“My problem?” like it’s a joke.

“Yeah, what the hell is your problem. Why won’t you just—“ he makes a frustrated noise, waving his hands around vaguely. “Leave me alone?”

For a minute Nick just looks at him, and then he kicks himself up straight, stepping forward. “Why won’t I leave you alone?” mouth smug as he stops in front of Regulus, infuriatingly taller.  “Because I don’t have to.”

Regulus blinks. “What?”

Still smiling. “Because. I. Don’t. Have to.”

Which. What the fuck?

He searches Nick’s face, looking for more, but he doesn’t find it. Empty malice.

“Let me guess, you tortured the family dog as a kid?”

Nick laughs at that. “Nah, don’t have anything against dogs.”

“But me you do?”

“Well, you’re pathetic. It’s aggravating.”

“Aggravating, wow, that’s a big word for you.”

“Mm, funny. That make you feel better? Thinking you’re smarter than me?” Regulus doesn’t answer but the menacing smile on Nick’s face grows. “But you aren’t, that’s the real joke. Little grovelling spineless freak. And I bet our GPAs are exactly the same.”

Regulus glares. “Yeah well, if I was still on this project we wouldn’t all be scrambling to get the work done on time.”

Ah, there it is. The flicker of something remotely human. Regulus has hit a nerve.

“But you’re not still on this project.”

“Correct.”

“Because Lucius has lost interest in you. He’s mentoring me now.”

Regulus can’t help but grimace. “Congratulations.”

“Thanks.”

Regulus has the intense desire to claw the smile off his face. “So you fuck with me because I’m pathetic?”

“Pretty much,” leaning in closer, his breath smells like something synthetic. Something that's been coloured bright blue. Or green. “Like cutting a worm in half.”

“What about Evan?”

That question clearly takes him by surprise. “Evan?”

“Yeah, what the hell is your issue with him?”

Nick looks at him for a minute. “Ah,” he says finally. “You mean the rookie party?” that obnoxious grin is back and Regulus feels the return of his rage. So strong he can’t speak. But Nick doesn’t seem to need him to, laughing as he steps back, hands in his pockets. “Now that was fucking funny.”

“He ended up in the hospital.”

“Yeah, I remember,” Nick rubs his hand absentmindedly over the spot where Regulus punched him. “He’s a pussy. No wonder the two of you get along so well.” Regulus hands curl into fists. “Personally, I wanted to tape him naked to the flagpole outside the meal hall, but Pettigrew managed to convince the guys that would be a bad idea. Shame, would have been epic.”

“He would have died, you do realize that right?” Regulus is practically shaking. He doesn’t even know what to do with this feeling. Doesn’t know how to get it out. Doesn’t think killing Nick would be enough.

“You think?” Nick’s teeth are white and straight and menacing. “More ice time for me I guess.”    

He doesn’t really have a plan when he starts forward, hoping to get in another good punch at least. But of course, Nick is ready for him this time, shoving Regulus’s hit out of the way before grabbing him by the throat and slamming him against the fridge. The appliance groans from the impact, pins and needles clouding Regulus’s vision, like a TV that’s lost its signal.

“That first punch was a fluke you know?” Nick growls, too close. Regulus struggles to get him off but he’s really not at his best. “You can’t beat me. Not in a fight. Not in that boardroom. See, people like me, Regulus? We were made to succeed. And people like you, were made to get our fucking coffees,” he squeezes his throat a little and Regulus gags. “I fuck with you because I can. Because I want to. Because nobody is gonna stop me,” he’s looking right at Regulus, grinning, and Reg prays he doesn’t pass out because that would be too embarrassing right now. “Nobody is ever going to stop me.”

“Nice speech Nick.”

Mulciber lets him go with a start, and Regulus slides down the fridge, dropping his head between his knees when he hits the ground, desperately trying to breathe.

“Damn Sev, can’t just go sneaking up on a guy like that,” Mulciber laughs, but Regulus thinks he can hear the strain in it.

“Lucius is wondering what’s taking you two so long.”

“Right, better get back in there then.”

“Better.”

“Okay.”

There’s a pause, Regulus doesn’t really know what’s going on, head still between his knees. But after a few seconds he hears the sound of footsteps retreating in the direction of the boardroom. Good. He needs a minute. A few minutes. He needs to be able to see without a bunch of tiny black dots getting in the way.

“You okay?”

He looks up to find Severus standing above him, expression about as blank as his voice. Regulus appreciates it honestly. Not sure he could take seeing Severus’s pity. Eventually, he manages to nod, though that does make things swim a little. The world tilting this way and that, like it doesn’t have an anchor.

After a few seconds Severus walks over to the sink, fills up a glass of water and brings it back, crouching down as he hands it to Regulus, who takes it, shaking slightly. “Thanks.”

Severus nods, looking in the direction of the boardroom. “He’s wrong you know,” he says finally.

Regulus arches his brow, lowering the glass from his lips. “Is he?” Regulus isn’t entirely sure what they’re talking about.

“Assholes like that aren’t going to run the world anymore. Not when I’m done.”

Regulus watches him for a minute. He thinks Severus might actually mean that. Might actually believe it. Funny, since Regulus had always assumed that being an asshole like Nick Mulciber was exactly what Severus wanted. Eventually Regulus nods again. Slowly, “Fuck ‘em, right?”

That actually makes something almost like a smile pull at the corner of Severus’s mouth, eyes coming back to Regulus.

“Fuck ‘em.”

 

 

It’s seven in the morning by the time Regulus gets to go home. He doesn’t feel human. Barely able to keep his eyes open, dragging himself up the stairs to his room. So it is understandable that he doesn’t notice the boy sitting outside his door until he’s almost on top of him.

“What the fuck.”

James scrambles to his feet. “Hey, I—“

“No. No. Get—go away. What are you even doing here?” he’s too tired for this. He is way too fucking tired for this.

“Regulus,” James steps forward, but Regulus holds his hands out to stop him.

“We're supposed to barely know one another, you can’t just be showing up at my room like some bullshit Romeo.”

“Evan isn’t here, I thought we could—“

“What do you mean Evan isn’t here? It’s not even eight am.”

“Practice.”

Right. Of course. “Well then what the hell are you doing?”

“It’s optional, look, Regulus, can we please talk? Please?”

“No. No talking,” his voice breaks. “I don’t want to have to listen to another person tell me that this is all okay, that it’s just how things work. I’m so tired of the way things work. I’ve had a shitty day, I haven't slept, I have so much reading to do and I’m so fucking tired and I can’t—I can’t deal with this right now so—“ oh for fuck’s sake. His eyes are stinging and his voice is all choked up and this is so stupid.

James’s face looks pained. “Reg,” he steps forward. And Regulus hates himself. He hates himself. But he leans into him, right into his chest, lets James wrap his arms around him.

“Hey,” James rubs soothing circles into his back. “Okay, alright.”

He wants to push him away. Wants to make him leave. Wants to not want him right now. Not need him. But instead of doing any of that he just presses further into James. Hiding his face in his sweater. They’re standing in the hallway. Anyone could walk by. But he doesn’t pull away. 

“Lets get you into bed huh?” James says softly, still rubbing his back. 

Regulus snorts. “Bet you say that to all the boys.”

“No,” James squeezes him. “Just you.”

It’s only a joke, so he doesn’t know why it sounds so sweet.

James shuffles him towards the door, Regulus grumpily letting go of him and pulling out his keycard. He doesn’t even hang up his jacket, just drops it on the floor, crawling onto his bed and curling into a ball. His head is pounding and the room is spinning a little. He feels like he’s been dizzy for hours. If there was anything in his stomach he’d probably throw it up.

“Alright, shoes off yeah?” James says as he starts pulling off Regulus’s sneakers. He should object, he’s not a toddler, but he doesn’t. It’s nice. Being taken care of. “Jeans on or off?” James asks.

Regulus gives him a look. “You trying to get me naked?” 

James’s smile is boyish. “I’m trying to get you comfortable. But I can get you naked too if you want?”

Regulus rolls his eyes, pulling himself up and taking his pants off himself before getting back into bed, this time under the covers. He looks up at James who, it seems, has taken it on himself to hang Regulus’s coat in the closet. He feels his chest warm as the older boy’s eyes come back to him, James now standing awkwardly in the middle of the room.

“So—“

“When is practice over?”

“Uh—“ James checks his phone. “Another hour and a half probably?”

Regulus yawns, folding the blankets back. “Thirty minute power nap.”

“I think you need more than thirty minutes Reg.”

He shakes his head. “Don’t have time.”

James sighs, slipping his shoes off and getting into bed next to him. Regulus instantly wraps himself around James, humming at the warmth as his eyes drift closed. A few seconds later he feels James kiss the top of his head.

“You have to take care of yourself, okay?” James says softly.

“Why?”

James makes a pained noise. “Regulus.”    

“Shh,” he nuzzles closer. “You’re wasting my thirty minutes.”

Thankfully, James doesn’t say anything after that.

 

 

Part II James

 

James lets Regulus sleep for an hour. He knows he’ll be pissed but he doesn’t care, he needs it. About forty minutes in James slips out from under Regulus’s hands, pulling on his shoes and jogging down to the corner store. He doesn’t know what Regulus likes to eat. Which suddenly feels like a very big deal. Like something he ought to know.

He ends up just grabbing as many things as he can, barely able to get back into the room with all the bags in his hands. Regulus is still fast asleep, curled around his pillow now that he doesn’t have James to cling to, face hidden by his curls. James places the bags down carefully on Regulus’s desk before sitting on the edge of his bed.

He needs to wake him up, he knows that. Evan will be coming back soon and Regulus won’t want James to still be here when he does. James reaches out, running his hand gently through Regulus’s hair. Even asleep he looks tired. Huge bags under his eyes. Face pale. James is almost positive he’s lost weight since they started seeing one another. He feels his chest squeeze at the thought.

“Regulus?” he manages to make himself say, hand still combing through his hair. “Hey babe, you gotta get up okay?”

There’s some grumbling before Regulus squints his eyes open, face all scrunched. James very nearly doubles-over it’s so precious.

“Did you just call me babe?”

“Mm,” James confirms. “I won’t do it again, if you don’t want me to.”

Regulus keeps looking at him, blinking owlishly. “You can,” and then after a second, “call me that. I mean. I—yeah. That’s. Yeah.”

James smiles. “Still sleepy, huh?”

Regulus rolls his eyes before burying his face in his pillow. “Leave me alone,” words muffled.

James laughs, bending down and kissing the parts of Regulus’s face that he can reach. After a few seconds Regulus turns his head, letting James find his mouth, kissing him for real. It’s gentle. Soft. James covering Regulus with his body, hands on either side of his head, Regulus’s arms snaking around his neck. Kissing without purpose. Without end.

James pulls back eventually, brushing his nose against Regulus’s, looking down at him. “We probably need to talk, yeah?”

For a second Regulus looks confused and then—“Right. I’m mad at you.”

James grimaces. “Yeah.”

Regulus sighs, closing his eyes for a minute, expression weary. “I wish I wasn’t mad at you.”

“You don’t have to be.”

He frowns. “James.”

“Regulus.”

Regulus sighs again, opening his eyes. “I can’t pretend that I don’t have a problem with what you did.”

“Can you pretend to understand why I did it?”

He huffs. “I don’t know. Maybe. Can you get off of me?”

“Oh—yeah.” Though he would really rather not. He sits up, Regulus following after him, scrubbing at his face.

“I—“ he cuts himself off as his eyes land on his desk. “Where did those come from?”

“Oh, uh, I bought you some stuff,” James rubs at the back of his neck as Regulus turns to him.

“Some stuff?”

“Yeah, snacks and things. I—“ he isn’t sure how to finish that sentence exactly. Has a feeling he needs to tread carefully here. Regulus gets skittish whenever he tries to take care of him too much. And James doesn’t want to have another fight about crossing boundaries. “I was hungry, figured if I was gonna go out I might as well get you something too, but I didn’t know what you’d want so I just…got a bunch.”

“Looks like you got the whole fucking store,” Regulus gets up, looking into the bags tentatively, like he’s worried something in there’s gonna bite him.

“I wanted to make sure there’d be something you’d like,” and then, after a short pause. “What do you like?”

Regulus is still looking into the bags with nervous eyes, hands held close to his chest, fidgeting.

“Regulus?”

“Huh?” Reg starts, looking back at him.

James laughs a little. “What do you like? You know, to snack on or whatever? What’s your go-to junk food?”

“Uh, I don’t know.”

He arches his brow. “You don’t know? But what d’you eat when you’re like, watching a movie?”

“I watch movies in my bed, I can’t eat in my bed.”

James rolls his eyes. “Right but—“

“I feel like we’re getting off topic here,” Regulus interrupts, crossing his arms over his chest, shoulders curving forward. Defensive. “We’re supposed to be talking about what happened with Evan.”

James blinks. “Er—okay,” running a hand over his hair. “Well, I guess, you should know that we were never going to keep anything from Rosy. Peter was always going to tell him the truth. I made sure of that.”

“You were just gonna keep it from the cops.”

James grimaces. “Well, I figured that was Rosy’s decision to make.”

“So all the responsibility falls on him then? Yeah that seems fair.”

“Shit Reg, what do you want from me?" frustrated. "It’s a fucked-up situation, I get that. I’m handling it the best I can, okay?”

“Are you?”

James's eyes narrow. “What’s that supposed to mean?” 

“It means…” Regulus trails off, struggling to find his words. “It means, if it was anyone but Peter, would you have done the same thing?” And when James doesn’t answer; “Because my boss put his hands on my shoulders and you were ready to send him to jail. And Peter drugs Evan and you…what? Make him pinky-promise to tell the truth?” 

James opens and closes his mouth, eventually running a hand over his face. “Those two situations are not the same.”

“Because one of them involves your friend?”

“Because Peter and Lucius are not the same.“

Regulus shakes his head, laughing coldly. “Come on James.”

“They aren’t.” He thinks that’s true. He hopes that’s true. “Listen it’s like—do you think Lucius cares? I mean do you think he cares that he hurt you?”

“He didn’t hurt me,” Regulus snaps. “I’m fine.”

James holds his hands up in surrender. “Alright, okay, but do you think he cares that he could have?”

Regulus just stares back at him.

“Because Peter cares,” James pushes on. “He cares. And I—I know he messed up, I’m not trying to make excuses for him. But he—listen you have to understand, some shit happened and it messed him up a bit. More than I realized. And that’s on me. I let him down,” his chest squeezes, and he has to clear his throat. “I’ve let him down a lot actually.”

Regulus watches for a long moment, not saying anything. “You can’t take responsibility for what he did.”

“I know,” though he wishes he could. He’s mad at Peter, so fucking mad, but he also knows that his friend’s hurting. Maybe has been for a while, and he missed it. He would take that on if he could. He would carry that weight. “I know,” he says again, voice rough. “But I can’t just abandon him either so…” he looks at Regulus pleadingly. “I’m doing my best.”   

Regulus chews on his bottom lip, James can practically see the cogs of his thoughts turning. “Evan is my people,” Regulus says finally, taking James by surprise.

“Your people?”

Regulus nods curtly. “Sirius, Peter, Remus—they’re your people. Evan is mine.”

James gives him a weak smile. “I get it.” If someone had hurt his boys he would tear them to shreds. “I just, I need you to trust me okay Regulus? I have Rosy’s back, I promise, but the situation is complicated,” Regulus makes a face and James huffs out a laugh. “Yeah, I know you hate that, but it is.”

“Fine.”

“Fine?”

“Yeah, fine. Maybe it is complicated. But can you promise me, honestly promise me, that when push comes to shove you’re not just going to sweep what happened to Evan under the rug to protect Peter?” And then, before James can answer. “Again.”

He tries not to flinch at that.

“Whatever Rosy wants to do I’m backing him up,” James says, and he means it. He does. “I’ve told Peter that.”

More lip chewing. It’s honestly very unhelpful, given the seriousness of their current conversation. “I’m gonna hold you to that.”

James feels something like hope flutter in his chest. “That mean you’re done being mad at me?”

“Conditionally.”

“I’ll take it.”

“So eager.”

James laughs. “You have no idea,” and then, reaching for him. “C’mere.”

Regulus rolls his eyes but after a few seconds he does walk forward, James’s smile growing as he grabs Regulus’s shirt, tugging until Regulus is standing between his legs. Until he’s sliding onto his lap, thighs on either side of his hips.

“I’m not gonna just forget about this,” Regulus says, forehead resting against James’s. “If I have to fight Peter again I will.”

“I know you will babe,” he feels Regulus tremble. “You really fucking like that huh?”

“Shut up.”

“Make me.”

Regulus doesn’t hesitate, pushing forward, kissing like he’s still fighting. And James finally gets that lower lip between his own fucking teeth.

Which is when the door opens.

Regulus springs out of James’s lap so quickly that he ends up on the floor, Evan stopping dead in his tracks, gym bag over his shoulder, eyes bouncing from James—sitting on Regulus’s bed—to Regulus—staring up at him from the ground.

“Uh…“ Evan says as he takes his headphones out. “What’s up guys?”

Neither of them speak. James isn’t entirely sure what to do here, looking to Regulus for direction, but Regulus is just staring at Evan with wide terror filled eyes.

“Hey Rosy,” James says finally, breaking the silence. “How was—er—how was practice?”

Evan pulls his eyes away from Regulus. “Good. How was…” he trails off, gesturing vaguely to the room.

“Uh—“ clearing his throat. “Y’know…” fuck. He could really use some help here. Lying has never been James Potter’s strong suit. 

“He brought me food!” Regulus blurts out suddenly, like he’s just woken up. He scrambles to his feet, gesturing at the bags on the desk. “I mean I—I asked him to bring me food so he did. That’s why he’s here.”

Evan arches his brow. “You do realize you’re not wearing pants right?” James can’t stop himself from snorting which earns him a glare from Regulus whose cheeks are on fire.

“I was taking a nap.”

“Uh-huh,” Evan walks over to his bed, dropping his bag and turning back to them. “You asked him to bring you food and then took your pants off and got in bed?”

Regulus’s glaring has now shifted to Evan. “Yes.”

Neither of them speak after that, but they don’t stop looking at one another either. James gets the feeling he is very much standing in the way of a conversation that maybe needs to be had.

“Er, okay, well,” he gets off the bed, wiping his sweaty palms on his jeans. “I guess I’ll head out then,” he nods towards the door, Evan and Regulus still locked in some kind of extreme staring contest.  “Right…uh…bye?”

“Bye James,” Regulus says curtly, not really looking at him. James sighs, slipping out of the room and into the hall. He’s not sure if what just happened was funny or devastating for Regulus. Maybe both? It’s a bit hard to tell.

“Captain?”

James turns around before he reaches the end of the hall to find Rosy coming after him. He shoves his hands in his pocket, not sure what to expect from this. 

“Hey Rosy, what’s—“

“Don’t mess with him,” he says once he’s close enough, face as serious as James has ever seen it.

James glances back down the hallway and wonders what exactly Regulus said after he left the room. Or if he said anything at all. Rosy is smart enough to have figured it out. “I’m not—“

“No I mean it James,” and Evan so rarely calls him by his first name that he feels himself instantly standing up straighter. “This isn't just...a good time for him, yeah? So if you're only fucking around until you go pro-" 

"Evan-"

"No listen cause," he exhales, licking his lips nervously. "If you treat him like something shameful, something that’ll ruin your future if anyone finds out, it’ll just make him hate himself more than he already does. And he deserves better than that. I - I want him to have better than that.”

James’s eyes run over Evan’s face, the concern in the corners of his mouth, the stubborn set of his shoulders. This matters to him, like really matters. James feels something in his chest tug as he smiles: “You’re his people.”

Evan’s brows draw together. “What?”

But James only shakes his head. “Never mind, listen, Regulus is important to me. I promise. This isn’t a game, and I don’t intend to walk away unless he makes me.”

Something flickers across Evan’s face that James can’t quite read. “He’s probably gonna try to make you,” he says eventually.

James gives him a sad smile. “I’m pretty hard to get rid of.”

Evan huffs and then: “Sirius know?”

“No,” barely managing not to grimace.

“That gonna be a problem you think?”

James honestly doesn’t know. He thinks it could be okay, if Regulus would just let him talk to Sirius but…if he finds out another way…say, by walking-in on them? Well. James can’t imagine that going well. It’s about trust with Sirius. Loyalty.

“I hope not,” he says finally, meaning it.

Evan nods, maybe understanding, maybe just not wanting to push. “I like you James, you’re a good guy, and a good captain. But if you hurt him I’ll fuck you up, yeah?”

James laughs, not because he doesn’t believe him, but because it’s the kind of thing he might say. If it were Sirius. “I’m glad,” he says. “If I hurt him I’ll deserve it.”

Evan gives him a smile before squeezing his shoulder. “See you at practice tomorrow,” walking backwards towards his room.  “Unless you have more food deliveries to make?”

James rolls his eyes. “Hilarious. See you at practice you dick,” not quite able to keep the fondness out of his voice.

 

 

Part III Fabian

 

Fabian is a romantic.

He loves bouquets of flowers given on random Wednesday afternoons just because someone was thinking about you. He loves late night phone calls, because you can’t sleep, and there’s only one person in the world you want to talk to. He loves old songs and the way they ache. He loves boys who touch you softly even though they don’t have to.

Fabian is a romantic.

Remus Lupin is not.

Which is okay. Fabian is quite fond of him anyways. Though he does sometimes wish that Remus would show up unannounced on his doorstep just because he had to see him. Or bring him flowers because they reminded Remus of him. That he would touch Fabian just to touch him, and not want anymore. But then, Fabian has never really expected to have any of those things. He never really expected to have any of this at all.

“So,” they’re sitting on the floor of his living room, pizza box open on the coffee table between them. There's a kitchen, but somehow they always end up here. Remus blinks at him, putting is pizza down and giving Fabian his full attention, eyes on his mouth. Somehow that always makes him blush. “My brother’s visiting this weekend.”

Remus arches his brow. “You have a brother?”

Fabian nods, trying to be casual about it. “Yeah, I do. Twin brother, actually.”

“I’m sorry what? Did I read that right? Twin? You have a twin?”

He fidgets. “Yeah? He—yeah. We’re not identical or anything.”

“Not identical?” Remus repeats. He does that a lot, to make sure he’s gotten it right. Fabian is still trying to learn sign language, but he’s a bit slow. He gets jealous sometimes, of how easy it is for Remus’s friends to communicate with him. There are so many things he wants to tell Remus. So many words he doesn’t want to get lost.

Fabian nods. “Correct. Not identical. Sorry, less fun that way I know. Though our mom did used to dress us up in the same outfits when we were little.”

Remus smiles and Fabian’s heart shivers. It’s so.

Remus is so.

Oh, oh, oh.

“Are there pictures?” he asks. “I bet you were a cute kid.”

Fabian scrunches his nose up and Remus laughs, leaning forward and kissing him lightly on the lips. “You’re pretty cute now, come to think of it.”

Oh, oh, oh.

Remus is kissing him again. More purposefully this time, moving forward until Fabian is on his back, Remus hovering over him.

“Wait, wait, wait,” he huffs, lightly pushing Remus back. The other boy blinks, looking down at him. “I wanted to ask. Would you—“ he doesn’t know why he’s stressing about this so much.

Remus squints at him. “Sorry, I didn’t get that, what did you say?”

“I—“ gosh, okay, he really needs to get himself together. “Would you want to meet him maybe?”

Remus looks at him, it usually takes him a bit longer to answer than most people. Fabian doesn’t mind. He likes the rhythm of their conversations. Likes that they have to take their time.

“You want me to meet your brother?” Remus asks eventually.

“Only if you want to.”

Another pause and then. “I—okay. Yeah.”

“Yeah?”

Remus nods. “Can I go back to kissing you now?”

Fabian smiles. “Yes sir.”

Remus kisses like he means it. And Fabian tries to believe that he does.

 

 

The thing about Gideon.

Well.

In some ways, he is the person Fabian is the closest to in the whole world. And in other ways, he’s a stranger, who barely knows him at all. Siblings are weird like that. We came from the same place. But it was a place where we always had to hide so much of ourselves away. There’s something rigid about family. So many lines you can’t cross. Don’t tell them, was Gideon’s catchphrase when they were kids.

Don’t tell them, whispered as he snuck in after curfew. Don’t tell them, called out as he skipped class. As he smoked in the parking lot. As he slipped into bedrooms with girls at parties. Don’t tell them, his brother had said, when Fabian finally came out to him.

They have a relationship built on secrets.   

Fabian isn’t sure he knows what his brother looks like when he isn’t hiding. And he’s certain Gideon wouldn’t recognize him.

“Oh—darn,” he hisses as he spills his second coffee of the day. Luckily it’s just on the floor and not on an actual person. Mary looks over at him, brow arched. “I’ll clean it up,” he says quickly. “I promise, where’s the—where’s the mop again?”

“Closet in the break room.”

Fabian nods, practically sprinting to the back. He’s not usually this clumsy. Actually, he thinks, all things considered, he’s rather good at this job. Better at the cash than making the coffees maybe. He likes talking to people, he likes asking them about their day. Remembering their names and their orders. Sometimes he draws smiley faces on their cups. He thinks, well, if you can make someone feel special for a few a seconds a day why not, right?

Mary finishes serving the customers while Fabian mops up his mess. When there’s a lull she comes over and leans on the counter beside him, watching. Somehow she manages to make even that feel sarcastic. 

“What’s up with you then?” she asks eventually.

“Me?” Fabians says, as though she could be talking to anyone else. “Nothing. Sorry. I don’t know why I’m so clumsy today.”

Mary doesn’t respond, just keeps staring. She’s good at that. At waiting. At using silence against you. Eventually Fabian sighs, leaning on the mob. “Okay, I’ll be honest, I am a little nervous.”

“You don’t say.”

He chews on his bottom lip. “Remus is meeting my brother today.”

Her eyes widen for just a second before she lets out a low whistle. “Meeting the family, wow. Big step.”

“No it’s—well,” he wants to brush it off. Wants to be casual about it. But the truth is, it is a big deal. He’s never introduced his brother to a boy before. Never really had the chance. Gideon, on the other hand, used to bring girls home all the time when they were growing-up. He’s met so many of his brother’s girlfriends he’s lost count. 

“When’s this happening then?” Mary pulls him out of his thoughts.

“Tonight, after my shift. We’re going for dinner,” Fabian gives her a smile that he hopes doesn’t look as shaky as it feels. “It’ll be fun.”

"Will it?" Mary ask dryly. 

“I think he’ll like Remus,” which is both an answer and not an answer at the same time. 

Mary is still eyeing him, something thoughtful in her gaze. There almost always is. Sometimes he thinks she might be the smartest person he’s ever met. “Everyone likes Remus,” she says finally.

He nods. “Yeah, yeah exactly. So it’ll be fine.” He might be clinging to the mop a bit too aggressively.

“I thought it was going to be fun?”

“Oh well,” a nervous laugh. “That too.” He feels all jittery and he hasn’t even had any coffee.

“Fabian?”

“Yeah?” he meets her brown eyes, always looking. Always seeing. Always cutting right through him. Not that there’s much to Fabian really. At least that’s what most people think. He knows that. He doesn’t mind. He can just be a nice guy. The world needs more nice guys after all. Doesn’t it?

“Why are you afraid of your brother?” Mary asks finally.

Fabian feels his eyes go wide, the mop falling out of his hands and hitting the floor with a crack. “Oh—gosh—sorry,” he bends down to pick it up. “I should put this away and then clean up back here, I think we’re running low on filters so I need to grab those and then the simple syrups are getting all sticky again, I don’t know how that keeps happening but if I boil some water I should—“

“Kid,” Mary takes him by the shoulders. “Breathe.”

“I—“

“Breathe.”

There’s really no arguing with Mary. So he does as she asks. Breathing in and breathing out. And then doing that a few more times.

“Hey, can I get some service here?” someone yells over by the cash. Fabian’s face instantly goes red, embarrassed that a customer has just witnessed this. But when he tries to move Mary holds him still.

“We’re closed,” she shouts over his shoulder, making Fabian squeak.

“What? It’s the middle of the afternoon? You’re standing right there!”

“Yeah, and we’re closed! Go to fucking Starbucks or something.”

Fabian hears some grumbling but Mary’s attention comes back to him so he assumes the customer has gone.

“You didn’t have to do that,” he manages.

Mary snorts. “I know. But your family drama is way more interesting to me than making that guy’s macchiato.”

“There’s no drama.”

She arches her brow.

“There isn’t, there really isn’t he just—I just—“ it always feels impossible. Explaining his brother. Explaining them. “He’s…big, that’s all.”

“Big?” Mary repeats. “Like…physically?”

Fabian quickly shakes his head. “No like…” like the universe orbits around him. Like everything he touches turns to gold. Fabian thinks, if things had been different, if he had been different, maybe he could have taken up that kind of space too.

“He’s just…he takes control of situations that’s all. He’s—you know how you said everyone likes Remus?” Mary nods. “Well, everyone likes Gideon too.” But Gideon most certainly does not like everyone. Sometimes he doesn’t even like Fabian.

As though she can hear his thoughts Mary asks; “Do you like him?”

He blinks.

Don’t tell.

Don’t tell.

Don’t tell them.

“I love him.”

Mary runs him over with her eyes. Making him feel naked. “Not the same thing though is it?”

Don’t tell.

Don’t tell.

Don’t tell them.   

“But what I can’t figure out,” Mary goes on, leaning against the counter and crossing her arms over her chest. “Is why you’d want him to meet Remus in the first place then?”

Fabian’s cheeks are very hot. You could probably roast marshmallows on them. “I mean, Remus is...” he says meekly, his eyes darting away, but not before he sees the understanding light up her face.

“Oh," she says. "I see. You want to show him off.”

“No, or—well...” Oh man, he’s gonna need to start fanning himself in a minute. 

She smirks. “Fair enough, Remus is pretty hot.”

Fabian bites his lower lip, and then: “He’s out of my league,” he whispers, like it’s a secret. Even though it isn’t, everyone knows it. Especially Sirius. But he wants Gideon to see. Look. Look I have gravity too. Sometimes people fall towards me. I can be wanted.  

“Don’t sell yourself short,” Mary says. “You’re not too shabby yourself. For a baby.”

Fabian rolls his eyes, laughing with embarrassment. “Aw come on, I’m not that much younger than you.”

“You look like a fetus.”

He sighs. “I’ve been trying to grow a beard.”

There’s a moment of silence before Mary bursts out laughing. “Pretty sure you have to go through puberty first,” she chokes.

“Yeah, yeah,” face on fire, of course. “I think it’s kind of working.”

“Oh?” Mary asks, grinning—not something she does often. “Let me see then.”

He juts his chin out and Mary steps closer, “Uh-huh, uh-huh, yup, there’s definitely one hair there. Maybe even two.”

“Right!” Fabian says excitedly, not even caring that she’s making fun of him.

Somebody clears their throat. “Excuse me? Anybody work here?” They both turn to the cash register this time. Mary sighing.

“Alright, I guess we should re-open.”

“I can get it—“

“It’s fine Fabian, I got this, you put the mop away.”

“Oh,” he looks at the mop in his hands like he’d forgotten it was there. “Right.”

She starts walking but stops before she gets too far. “Hey Fabian?” 

“Yeah?”

“Whatever happens with your brother, with Remus, you should know,” she really does have the most compelling eyes. “They are just as lucky to have you as you are to have them, okay?”

He blinks, Mary isn’t normally one for sentimentalism so he wasn’t really expecting that. “Okay,” he manages finally. “Thank you.” Before he can say anymore she’s stepping up to the counter.

 

 

“You look nice,” Remus runs Fabian’s collar between his fingers, smiling at him. “Should we go?”

Fabian nods, hoping he doesn’t look as nervous as he feels. I mean, there’s no reason to be nervous. It’s only Gideon. No, whispers the voice in his head, it’s Gideon and Remus. Remus must know something is off because he holds Fabian’s hand the whole way to the restaurant, squeezing it reassuringly every once in a while. Fabian wants to kiss him, but he’s not sure if he can, so he sticks to his little furtive looks. It’s probably strange, that he doesn’t know if he can just kiss his boyfriend in public. He wonders how long it will take before kissing feels natural. Feels like something that isn’t a big deal.

“This it?” Remus asks, as the small bistro comes into view.

Fabian nods. It’s not too big a restaurant, low-key, but nice enough that Gideon won’t have anything to complain about. The hostess shows them to the table and Fabian instantly starts fiddling with his napkin. His water glass. Remus presses his foot against Fabian’s under the table. A calming gesture. Fabian meets his eyes and tries to smile.

“It’s just been a while since I’ve seen him, I’m excited.”

Remus nods politely, pretending to believe him. “You know, before Regulus showed up? Sirius was bouncing off the walls too.”

Fabian looks over at him, feeling the same uneasy pressure in his chest he usually does when Sirius comes up in conversations. Or comes into a room. It’s not just that he clearly doesn’t like that Fabian is dating Remus. It’s also that he very much reminds Fabian of the type of guy who would beat him up in high school.

“Oh yeah?” he makes himself ask.

Remus nods. “Dunno what it is with brothers, I’m an only child but…yeah. He was so—I mean he was so excited? You know? To see him, to show him…everything. His life. But he was also fucking terrified.”

Fabian’s heart squeezes. “Terrified of what?”

Remus shrugs, “I don’t know. But if I had to guess? It was of not being enough. Not living up to the expectations his brother had of him.”

Fabian hums thoughtfully, eyes trailing to the doors of the restaurant, waiting for his own brother. “Funny, I wouldn’t think Sirius was the type of person to worry about not being enough.” He’s a big deal at school, Sirius Black. Sirius and James. Future NHL superstars. The difference is, James is nice.

“You’d be surprised,” Remus says, rueful smile on his face. “Sirius is plenty insecure.”

Fabian has a hard time believing that. Every time he sees Sirius he always has this look on his face, like he’s in on a joke you’re not a part of. A joke at your expense. He wears a leather jacket and drives a motorcycle. It’d be cliché if it didn’t suit him.

But it’s more than the fact that Sirius Black is undeniably “cool.” There’s something just a little…unnerving about him. A little too cold. Sirius Black doesn’t strike Fabian as the type of person you can feel safe with.

“Hey, is that Gideon?” Remus says, startling Fabian out of his thoughts. “Christ, must be, he looks just like you.”

Fabian follows his gaze at the exact moment that the hostess points to them, Gideon’s eyes going right to him. He smiles and Fabian can’t help but smile back, out of his chair before he even has time to think. A second later they’re wrapping their arms around each other.

“Hey.”

“Hi.”

Oh familiar bones. How I hate you. How I love you. How I am made of you and you of me. Just us two. In the end. Right? It’ll always be just us two.

Gideon pulls back first, of course, hands on Fabian’s shoulders. His eyes are big and bright. Fabian doesn’t really think they look like one another at all.

“You’re wearing a shirt with buttons.”

“Oh shut-up.”

“No, no, I like it. Very dapper.”

“I just wanted to look nice!”

“Uh-huh, mom would be so proud. And it’s done up all the way to the top! Like a priest,” he tugs playfully on the collar making Fabian choke. “Father Fabian does have a nice ring to it. Good alliteration.”

“Oh my god, cut it out!” he shoves Gideon, who laughs.

“Come on Fabian, behave. You’re wearing a nice shirt. We’re in a nice restaurant,” and then his eyes travel over Fabian’s shoulder to Remus. “And we’re not alone—HELLO,” he shouts in Fabian’s ear, as he reaches out to offer Remus his hand, several people at the surrounding tables looking over. 

“Gid he’s deaf, you don’t need to yell,” Fabian hisses under his breath, hoping Remus doesn’t see.

“Hi,” Remus says, shaking Gideon’s hand and smiling even if he does. “Remus. Nice to meet you.”

“Likewise,” Gideon is still speaking louder than normal. Fabian just rolls his eyes as the two of them sit down. Fabian between his brother and his boyfriend. “So,” Gid starts, looking at Remus. “You’re a…philosophy student?”

Remus nods. “Yes. And—sorry, I actually don’t know what you’re taking?”

Gideon gasps in mock offence, clutching at his chest as he turns to Fabian. “Wow, don’t you talk about me?” Don’t tell them. Don’t tell them. Don’t tell. “Rude,” he reaches over to pinch Fabian who slaps his hand away. Laughing, Gideon says; “I’m not in school, I work at a restaurant right now, but I have a band.”

Remus squints, taking a second. “A band?” he says finally. “You’re a musician?”

Gideon looks at Fabian again, a bit more sincerely this time. “Wow, you really don’t talk about me at all, huh?”

I don’t know where to start.

I don’t know how to explain.

I just wanted something to be mine.    

Fabian shrugs helplessly. “Just hasn’t come up I guess.”

 

 

Gideon talks about his band. He’s been in it since they were teenagers. It made him very popular at school. Not that Gideon ever needed help with that. Fabian was always his shadow. A little bit dimmer. A little bit further behind. Though he’s never sure if he put himself there. Or if it was brother. He always wanted to stand together. Gideon always wanted to be first.

They have an EP out now, the band that is, they’re going places. That’s what Gideon says, and Remus nods along politely, sometimes needing to ask him to stop. To slow down. To repeat things. Because Gideon forgets—he turns his head, he speaks too quickly. He’s still kind of yelling, though thankfully Remus can’t tell.

But mostly.

Mostly they get on well.

Brilliantly.

They bounce back and forth, and Gideon will make a joke that Fabian never would have and Remus will laugh and Fabian will feel his heart wilt a little.

Sometimes, because they’re twins, people talk about them like they’re halves. My missing piece. My  partner in crime. But Gideon has always been whole all on his own. And Fabian has always felt like he was simply the leftover bits that Gideon didn’t need.

It’s an hour into dinner when Fabian excuses himself. Goes to the washroom. He stands at the sink for a long time, looking at his face, trying to figure out what part of him stands up under scrutiny. What part of him Remus likes. Likes better than everyone else. He can’t find it.

“You having a moment?”

He startles, spinning around to find Gideon leaning lazily against the wall, smirking at him. 

“Did you just leave Remus alone at the table?”

“He’s fine.”

Fabian rolls his eyes, moving for the door. “That’s so rude Gid.”

“Oh come on,” he holds his arm out, blocking Fabian’s path. “Don’t be all bitchy with me.”

“I’m not.”

Gideon fixes him with a look. “That's so rude Gid," he mimics. "You sound like Molly.”

Their older sister is an overbearing control freak so the comparison is not a welcome one. “Low-blow Gid.”

His brother shrugs, still blocking Fabian’s path. “Just calling it like I see it.”

“Whatever, let me go.” Gideon does not.

“So. Your boyfriend’s nice.”

Fabian’s cheeks heat. “Yeah, he—yeah.”

“And pretty.”

He doesn’t know where this is going, but Gid has the same look in his eyes he used to get when they were kids and he was about to put something gross in Fabian’s hair.

“He is,” Fabian agrees warily.

“You two serious?”

His face is on fire, and he can’t really look at his brother. “I—I—what even—“ he stumbles and stutters like an idiot.

“Let me rephrase, are you serious? Because your boyfriend,” he says the word like it’s a joke, which stings more than it should, “definitely isn’t.”

Fabian feels his stomach drop, eyes snapping to his brother’s face. “What?”

“Oh come on Fabian.”

“Come on Fabian what?” and when Gid just gives him a look; “Come on what? What does that mean?” he makes several flustered hand gestures.

Gideon sighs, finally dropping his arm and sliding his hands into his pockets. “He’s very pretty.”

Fabian squints at him. Not clear what the game is here. “I know, I already said—oh,” Fabian blinks. “You mean too pretty for me.” He’s out of my league. “So he couldn’t possibly be serious about this because—“

“Hey, hey, listen,” holding his hands up in surrender. “I’m not trying to be a dick here okay? I swear. I’m just looking out for you,” his brother gives him a pitying once over. “I’m just saying—you know—he seems like he’s biding his time.”

Stupidly, Fabian feels a bit like he wants to cry. Gid used to be really good at that when they were kids—making him cry. He knew all of Fabian’s weak spots. Knew what monsters he was afraid of. Loved telling him they were under his bed.

“Biding his time?” Fabian repeats. And then, shaking his head. “No, he—you’ve only just met him you don’t know. You don’t know what it’s like with us. He’s so good to me Gid, he’s so—I swear.”

But his brother doesn’t look swayed. “I mean, you’re right, I’ve just met him, so I could be totally off here. But…”

“But?” Fabian hates the whiny tone in his voice.

“But…I see the way you look at him, and I see the way he looks at you and…it’s not the same. I just don’t want you wasting your time on some dude who’s not that into you.”

His throat feels tight as he stares back at his brother. He can’t cry. He can’t. Because they’re in public. Because Remus is just in the other room. Because Gideon will never let him forget it.

His brother reaches over, squeezing his arm. “I know that it’s probably harder for you to see it, considering you haven’t exactly had a lot of experience with this kind of thing.”

This kind of thing.

Boys.

Dating.

Heartbreak.

Something like anger pokes at him. Probably misplaced. Most definitely misplaced. But he lets it out anyway. “And whose fault is that?”

“Woah,” Gideon blinks, pulling back like he’s just been burned. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

“It means,” he can remember it so well. All the girls Gideon kissed. And dated. And brought home to their parents. “It means,” all the school dances he got to go to. “You’re the one who told me to hide,” his voice cracks.

“What?” like he has no idea what Fabian is talking about. “I did not!”

“Don’t tell,” Fabian hisses back at him, watching his brother’s eyes go wide. “You said that. You said. Don’t tell. And I listened. Because I always listen to you. Because you’re my brother and I trust you and you said don’t tell.”

“Oh come on Fabian—“

“Stop that!”

“Well,” like that’s any kind of comeback. “I was a kid, okay? How was I supposed to know how to handle that?”

“Handle what?”

Gideon glares. “Don’t do that. Don’t twist my words around. I was just trying to look out for you.”

“Like you’re doing now?”

“Yes.”

“Well stop it,” Fabian snaps back, voice quivering. “Stop looking out for me. I’m not your shadow anymore. I have a pretty boyfriend and he likes me. He likes me and I get to tell people about it.”

“Fab—“

But he’s already pushing past him, out the door and back into the restaurant.

If I know how to bite it’s only because you bit me first. Brother of mine. I would break you down. If you didn’t smell like home.

 

 

“Gideon was nice,” Remus says as they walk towards his apartment. It’s dark out, the moon bright in the sky, their breath freezing in front of their mouthes.

“Yeah he—“ and then, remembering he’s currently looking at the ground, Fabian turns his head to Remus. “He is nice.” He’s glad that Remus can’t hear his voice. It’s not very believable. And then, just to fill the silence, or maybe because of Remus’s unrelenting gaze, he finds himself going on: “People usually like him better,” self-deprecating smile.

He drops his eyes again, embarrassed. A second later he feels a hand curling around his arm, and then a mouth pressing to his temple. “Not me,” Remus says into his hair.

Fabian turns to look at him, their noses brushing accidentally, making Remus laugh. It’s a shame Remus can’t hear his own laugh. It’s such a beautiful noise. “Really?”

Remus smiles, eyes bright as they devour Fabian. He pulls them to a stop, turning to Fabian properly, hands cradling his face. He takes his time, leaning in, like they aren’t still in the middle of the street. Making a spectacle of themselves. And then he kisses him. Fabian’s breath hitches like it’s the first time. Because there’s something so intentional about it. And it feels…big. Being kissed on purpose. 

When Remus pulls back Fabian is gasping, Remus’s thumbs stroking his cheeks. “I like you better,” he says adoringly. “Really.”

Fabian can’t speak. The pair of them frozen there, staring at one another. Until—

“Is that?”

Something wet lands on Fabian’s face and he reaches up to touch it, before looking at the sky.

“Snow,” Remus lets out a laugh. “Shit it’s early this year.”

Fabian only smiles, watching the little white specks sparkle on their way to the ground. He loves the snow, he always has. It feels like magic.

“Hey, here,” Remus tugs on his sleeve, bringing his eyes back down. “Make a wish.”

Fabian blinks, confused for a second, until he sees the tiny, perfectly formed snowflake resting in Remus’s palm.

“First snowfalls good luck,” Remus says, nudging him with his foot. “Go on, make a wish before it melts.”

“You don’t want to?” Fabian asks, shuffling closer, their foreheads nearly resting on one another as they lean over the snowflake. “It’s your wish technically.”

“Nah, don’t need a wish,” he gives Fabian a wink. “Already got you.”

 

Fabian is a romantic.

Maybe Remus Lupin is too. 

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    HELLO

    so Fabian huh? he's so nice, he's so sweet, just a lil bean, lil cupcake, trying to grow a beard

    Also EVAN KNOWS, i just love the image of him standing there looking at regulus on the floor in his boxers like "er...you guys need me to leave?"

    ANYWAY anyway anyway

    one more chapter and then Christmas I think

    and you're like "soph what about halloween? thanksgiving?" and the answer is "idk??" they were not noteworthy i guess, they passed by, nothing happened, Sirius dressed up as Freddie Mercury (and sang everything all night), James dressed up as Bob Ross (he likes arts n crafts okay jeeez), Remus did not dress up because "how old are we again?" Peter was Pikachu (he was chased around all night by drunk people shouting "gotta catch 'em all")

    thanksgiving sirius tried to deep-fry a turkey on the front lawn of their apartment. the firemen were called. james got it all on video.

    OKAY that's it! see you next time which will hopefully be soon because I am gonna start writing the next chapter immediately! i hope you're all doing good :)

Chapter 15
Summary:

    Sirius

Notes:

    tw child abuse (i want to say this is emotional abuse not physical, in the sense that no one is ever being hit, i feel like that is an important thing to know)

    tw mild mild violence in the form of hockey

    tw injury (cause of aforementioned hockey)

    Hockey stuff:

    PT = Physical therapy / can just refer to like a patient room

    Linesman = an official who assists the referee

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

In his mother’s defence. Maybe he was born fucked.

That’s the thought Sirius has as he rams the Badgers’ forward into the boards so hard he crumples to his knees.

That’s what he thinks as he stands over him, heaving. Wanting to do it again. Barely managing not to. It just feels so fucking good is the problem.  

“Damn Black, you trying to take my job?” Evan chirps as he skates by.

A linesman is leaning over the kid on the ice, whispering questions to him. He still hasn’t gotten up. Distantly, Sirius thinks he can hear James and the Badgers’ captain—Diggory—arguing with the ref about whether or not it’s a penalty.

“Hey?” it’s a quiet word, takes Sirius a second to realize it’s being spoken at him.

He turns his head to find Peter has skated out of his crease. He’s pulled his helmet up, face flushed, sweaty. His eyes go to the kid being hauled to his feet and then back to Sirius.

“It was a clean hit. I saw it. You didn’t—you don’t have to feel bad about it, okay?”

He can’t stand up straight, the kid Sirius hit. He’s curled over, Sirius can’t tell if it’s his ribs he’s clutching or his arm. They guide him off the ice. Help him down the tunnel. Sirius watches until he disappears from sight.

Finally, he turns back to Peter. Offers him a weak smile. “Thanks Pete.”

That’s the thing though.

He doesn’t feel bad.

A whistle is blown. Everyone turns to the Ref standing at centre ice, two surly looking captains behind him, trading insults. The middle-aged man slices his hand through the air.

“No penalty.”

There are shouts of outrage from the opposing team. Diggory looks like he says something nasty to James who only grins, holding his gloved hand up to his ear like he can’t hear. Like he’s begging for more. The Ref breaks them up, James catching Sirius watching and giving him a wink, popping his mouth guard back in as he gets ready for the face off.

The puck is held over the ice.

The game starts again.

 

 

He was five, he thinks. When the hand washing started. Or maybe he’s just made that up. But it feels right. His mum was always telling him how dirty he was. How messy. Fold it again. Again. Again. Comb your hair. Still a mess. Still full of tangles. Cut it off. Cut it all off.

It was one of the first times he’d been over at the Potters’. Him and James had been in the back garden playing in the mud. He can’t even remember what now. He was filthy when he got home. And his mother lost it. Sirius always felt like there was something he was missing. Like she could see dirt he couldn’t.

She dragged him into the bathroom. Made him get in the shower.

“You’re not coming out until I say you’re clean, do you understand?”

He wasn’t fighting back then. Not yet. Still too young to be really angry. So he’d nodded his head. And he’d stood in the shower. And waited. And waited. He scrubbed his skin raw hoping that would somehow bring her back. If he could just get clean enough. Just get it off.

When you’re a kid time is different. And in his memories it barely exists at all. He has no idea how long she left him in there. He knows the water ran cold. Knows by the time his father came to get him he was sitting down, knees pulled into his chest, lips blue, teeth chattering.

His father wrapped him in a towel. Carried him to his bed. Holding him close and rubbing his hands up and down his back. His arms. Trying to get him warm again.

He thinks it messed something up, in his head, that day. Feels like it all goes back to then (or at least that’s what he’s decided). Because she never did say he was clean enough. So maybe he never got it off. The dirt she could see and he couldn’t. Maybe it’s still there. And doesn’t that thought just eat at him. 

 

 

Retaliation is to be expected. You can’t just take out the opposing team's star player and not expect to get roughed up. In fact, as Moody makes very clear when he pulls Sirius off the ice, you shouldn’t be taking out the opposing team's stars at all.

“Especially when you’re not even playing fucking defence, Christ on a stick Black. You’re lucky you didn’t get any minutes in that box because if we lose this game because of your bullshit I’ll shove my foot so far up your ass you’ll be tasting my shoes for the next week.”

Sirius does not respond. Just watches the game until his next shift.

Retaliation is to be expected. So Sirius has no excuse for letting his guard down. For turning his head. Eyes on the puck. On James. Always on James. He loves playing with him, being on the ice together. The way they feel one another. Like they exist on a plane no one else can touch. That isn’t  true, of course. Proved when the Badger’s D-man crushes him into the ice.

The world blinks out.

Black.

A flicked switch.

And then, almost as suddenly, it all comes rushing back. The first thought Sirius has is: where is my helmet? the second thought he has is James.

“You son of a bitch!”

He’s shouting, which Sirius does not appreciate, since his head hurts. Rosy has James around the middle trying to haul him back, while Diggory does his best to control his own player. Sirius is sprawled on the ice between them. Embarrassing, but his head feels too heavy to lift right now. Everything slightly blurry.

“Oh layoff him Potter,” Diggory snaps back. “Black started it and you know it!”

“Started it? STARTED IT! Sirius’s check was clean! What this asshole did—“

“Call me an asshole one more time I dare you.”

“Oh you think I’m scared of you?”

“I think you’re a pretty boy hockey player just like your winger and you’ll go down the second I get my hands on you.”

“Fucking try me Bones.”

“Oh I’m gonna enjoy—“

“ENOUGH!” the ref blows his whistle, a trainer appearing over Sirius’s face, blocking everyone else from view.

“Hey kid,” he says calmly, checking both of Sirius’s eyes. “How’re you feeling?”

“Pansy piece of shit!”

“I will fight you anytime Bones, anytime. Lets see how big your fucking dick is when there aren’t any refs around huh?”

“Black? Hello?” the trainer waves his hand in front of Sirius’s face and he tries to focus.

“Hit my head, but m’fine,” is what he manages.

“Uh-huh,” the man starts feeling around the back of Sirius’s head. “This hurt?”

Sirius goes to shake it and grimaces. “Fuck.”

“Alright, lets take it easy. You think you can stand or should I get the spinal board?”

“I’ll stand,” Sirius grumbles.

“Careful,” the man has his hand on Sirius’s upper back, helping him slowly peel himself off the ice. When he’s sitting properly his hand goes to the back of his head. He’s expecting some comically large bump. Maybe some blood. But there’s none of that. Very anti-climatic. 

He’s helped to his feet, things spinning slightly.

“Here,” the trainer hands him his helmet and he clutches at it. “You sure you don’t want the board?”

“I’m sure,” through gritted teeth.

The man gives him an exasperated look but doesn’t argue. Holding him firmly and guiding him towards the tunnel.

“Hey,” James skates up beside him. Sirius doesn’t look at him. He has the feeling that if he shifts his gaze right now he’ll vomit all over the ice. “You okay?”

“Yeah,” Sirius tries and fails not to grimace.

“Really?”

“He probably has a mild concussion,” the trainer supplies, unhelpfully.

“Shit,” James curses, which, yeah. Yeah, it is. Concussions are a bitch. Sirius has had three so far in his life. All minor ones, but still. Not his idea of a good time. “I’ll come home with you after the game yeah?” James says as they reach the edge of the rink.

“Sure Prongs. Kick their fucking asses yeah?”

“Oh absolutely.”

 

 

Sirius is brought to one of the PT rooms. The lights are dimmed, the world suddenly very small and quiet as he sits on the examination table and allows himself to be poked and prodded until it is determined that, yes. Yes he does have a mild concussion. A week to recover at least. No hockey during that time. No reading. No looking at screens. He’s not even allowed to have sex, which is fucking bullshit if you ask him, but nobody does.

Eventually they just let him lie down. Leaving him alone while the game goes on. He’s fucking pissed at himself for getting into this situation. He never should have let them take him by surprise. Never should have gone after their forward in the first place.

But Fabian stayed over last.

And it made him want to hit something.

So now he has a concussion. Karma really is a fucking bitch.

He hears the door open, which must mean the game is done. James come to check-up on him. Collect him. Take him back home and play nursemaid because god knows Remus will be too busy fucking his stupid nice boyfriend to be of any help.

“Did we win?” he asks, arm draped over his eyes. Even with the lights dimmed they still kind of hurt. And his head is killing him.

“Not done yet. But James got two goals, so it’s a three one lead. Seems like a safe bet.”

It takes Sirius a minute to decide whether or not he’s having a hallucination. As far as he knows those aren’t a side effect of concussions, but he’s not certain he can rule them out. Slowly, he removes his arm, propping himself up on his elbows to find Regulus standing by the door.

“Are you okay?” Regulus asks, after a prolonged silence.

Sirius blinks. And then: “Don’t worry, I’m still not dying. So you can go back to ignoring me like a little bitch.” He drops back down onto the examination table and refuses to think about what he’s doing as pouting.

“Okay, I deserve that.”

“Fuck yeah you do.”

There’s a long moment of silence, and then, “are you really okay?”

It’s not fair. Because he thinks he should be allowed to be pissed off at Regulus for just a little bit longer. But he sounds so small. So scared. And if Sirius is being honest with himself, Regulus has always been a weakness for him. 

“Yeah Reg,” he says to the ceiling. “Mild concussion. But I’ll be fine.”

More silence. It always takes Regulus years to get words out of his mouth. At least with Sirius. He has long suspected that his brother speaks more freely with other people. “That’s good. That’s really good. It looked—“ his voice cracks. “You didn’t get up.”

Sirius gets up now, even though it makes his head start to swim a little. He braces his hands on the edge of the examination table and looks at his little brother who is staring back at him with wide, terrified eyes.

Sirius feels the last of his irritation melt away. “I’m okay Reg, I promise. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”

Regulus shakes his head. “No it’s fine, I’m just, I’m being stupid.”

Sirius feels a small ache in his chest. Wishing that Regulus didn’t think that showing he cared about Sirius was stupid.

“Okay. Well—“ Regulus turns to leave so abruptly that Sirius almost doesn’t realize what he’s doing until he sees his hand on the doorknob. And. Well. He isn’t having that.

“Really?”

Regulus freezes. Just standing there for a few seconds, like he’s trying to figure out whether or not he can reasonably pretend not to have heard Sirius. Eventually he seems to decide that the answer is no because he, reluctantly, turns around. “What?”

“That’s all you’re going to say to me? Weeks of giving me the cold shoulder and that’s all you have to say?”

“You’re concussed. I don’t feel like now is the right time to deal with things.”

“No time is the right time for you.”

The younger boy glares at him. “Fuck you Sirius.”

“Fuck you right back. You don’t just get to shut me out Regulus. You have an issue? Fine. We talk it out like men.” His brain is pulsing in his skull.

“Men? Really?” Regulus says derisively. “Are you my coach or my brother?”

“Are you a child or a grown ass adult?” Sirius snaps back. A prolonged period of bitter silence follows those words, the two brothers staring daggers at one another.

“Alright that’s—fine,” Regulus relents, looking like the words taste bitter in his mouth. “Fine, I should have talked to you.”

“Damn right you should have.”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “Do you wanna show maybe just a little bit of grace here?”

Sirius snorts. “No. I want to gloat. I’m having banners made-up. I’m throwing a party. You’re invited by the way, but only so I can point at you and go ‘that’s the loser who’s wrong’.”

“You’re being ridiculous.”

“And you’re pushing me away,” Sirius snaps, too tired and in too much pain to keep the bit going. They're so good at the back and forth. At the petty little snips. And so bad at everything else. He can see Regulus physically react to the change in his tone. “Stop pushing me away. Stop doing that. It’s what she wants.”

That is the wrong thing to say. He knows better than to bring their mum into a fight. Though he’s not entirely sure how to keep her out of it.

“You can’t just blame her for everything Sirius.”

“I’m not blaming her for everything, I’m blaming her for this,” he waves his hand between them.

Regulus looks at him for a long, cold, minute before: “She’s not the one who left.”

His brain is slamming into the back of his eyeballs and he has to close them because the room is starting to feel a little wobbly. “That’s not fair,” he hisses out

“It’s a fact. It can’t be fair or unfair. It’s just true. You want to know what happened to us? You decided that you would rather be James Potter’s brother than mine. So excuse me if I don’t feel comfortable getting close to you. Letting you back in. When I never know if you’re going to decide that I’m not good enough again.”

“You—that—“ it’s like he’s back in the game. Being slammed repeatedly into the ice. “You’re re-writing history Regulus. None of that was about you.”

“Well that makes me feel loads better, thanks.”

“Regulus—“

“Not even important enough to think about.”

He grits his teeth. “That’s not what I said. You fucking know that’s not what I said.”

“That’s exactly what you said. It’s not my fault if you don’t like the way it sounds.”

His eyes are still shut, breathing through his mouth. He’s going to be sick, it’s inevitable at this point. He’s had enough concussions to know the feeling. But he needs to hold on a little longer. Because this is the most Regulus has talked to him in weeks.

“You have always been important to me, okay? Always.” He’s not sure what Regulus is doing. If he’s even still in the room.

“You’ll excuse me if I find that hard to believe,” his brother says, finally. 

Sirius lets out a breath, dropping his head. He thinks there might be tiny cracks splintering out from the centre of his forehead. He tastes bile at the back of his throat. “What do you need me to do Regulus? Huh? How can I prove it to you?”

 

Silence.

 

             Silence.

 

Silence.

 

              Silence.

 

Silence.    

 

              Silence.

 

Sometimes Sirius just wants to crack Regulus’s skull open. See all the thoughts he holds back. Keeps just for himself.

“Come home for Christmas.”

Sirius’s eyes snap open. A mistake. His nails digging into the metal beneath him as he tries very hard to stop the room from spinning. “I—Reg come on. That’s not—no one wants that.”

“I do,” Regulus counters, resolutely. “Dad does. Mom does too,” Sirius scoffs, earning him a pointed look. “She does.”

Sirius sighs, cursing the trainer for not giving him something stronger for his head, because currently it feels like a rusty knife is cutting through his skull.

“Choose us,” Regulus goes on when Sirius doesn’t, getting him to lift his eyes from the floor to look at his brother. “Just this once, let us be your family. Let us prove to you that we can be good enough.”

It’s so much more complicated than that.

It always has been.

But he doesn’t know how to explain that to Regulus. Isn’t sure how he hasn’t figured it out for himself. They both grew up in that house. With that woman. He doesn’t understand how they can feel so differently about it.

“Okay,” he croaks, scrubbing at his face. “Okay I’ll come.”

And it’s almost worth it, the way Regulus’s eyes light up. Sirius doesn’t think he’s seen him look that happy in years.

“You mean it?”

He tries to smile reassuringly, but he’s not feeling so hot right now. “Yeah, I mean it.”

“That’s—” his voice cracks a little, and he nods his head. “Thank you. It’s gonna be good, I promise.”

“Of course.”

Sirius can’t think about what he’s actually agreeing to. Can’t let himself imagine the white walls, the empty rooms, the cold draft that seems to linger no matter how high the heat is turned up. He can’t let himself think about his mother. Or her nails. Or her teeth. Or his father’s tight smile. Because if he does he’ll take it back. If he does he’ll never be able to get through the door.

The noise in the hall outside starts filtering into the room, waking the brothers out of whatever trance they’d fallen into.

“Game must be done,” Sirius says, unnecessarily.

“Right, yeah. I should—um—I should go find Cerci.”

Sirius nods as Regulus gets as far as the door before stopping again. Turning back to him, eyes assessing.

“You’re sure you’re okay?” he asks, finally. 

Sirius forces another smile. He thinks this one's more believable. “Peachy.”

The second that Regulus is out of the room Sirius is on the ground, curling over the garbage can and vomiting up the entire contents of his stomach.

 

 

James is an annoying nurse. But then, this is not new information. He fusses is the thing. You’d think it’d be Remus but it isn’t. Remus very much has a “rub some dirt in it and you’ll be fine” mentality, that Sirius deeply respects. James, on the other hand, acts as though you’re made of glass. He has all of Sirius’s electronics under lock and key so he won’t look at any screens, is constantly forcing cold eye masks onto his face and is insisting Sirius drink this weird tea he found online that apparently has some kind of magical healing powers.

Sirius loves him. He does. But he’s driving him crazy. Which is why he pretends to be asleep when he hears the door to his bedroom open. James has been living in the apartment for the last few days. Sometimes sleeping on the couch—when Sirius is feeling particularly grumpy—sometimes in his bed. Right now, he is feeling more grumpy than not and has no desire to try whatever new herbal remedy James has discovered on the interweb. 

The mattress dips beside him and after a few seconds there’s a hand in his hair. Which is when he realizes that it isn’t James. The touch is different. Remus’s hands could never be mistaken for anyone else’s. Sirius considers speaking up, but he’s worried that might make Remus pull away, and he doesn’t want that. So he stays quiet. Melting into the mattress. Soaking up Remus’s attention.

“Stupid fucking sport,” Remus barely says it, not whispering, he doesn’t really whisper. More like he’s just mouthed the words and some small noises happened to sneak through. The room just quiet enough. Sirius listening just hard enough. That he’s able to catch it anyway. 

“Careful how you talk about the love of my life.”

Remus jumps off the bed, hand clutching at his chest as Sirius’s eyes flutter open and he smirks.

“Hey.”

Remus’s shoulders are heaving up and down, his wide shock-filled eyes, quickly narrowing. Were you awake the whole time?

Sirius’s smile grows. Maybe.

“Bastard.”

“Oh come on! It was nice.”

Remus shakes his head, shoving Sirius’s shoulder. “Absolute bastard.”

“Hey! I’m injured!”

You’re about to be more injured.

Sirius turns onto his side towards Remus, propping his head up on his elbow, puckering his lower lip. “Don’t be mean to me Moony, my head hurts.”

Remus gives him a flat look. You’re pouting? Really? You think that will work on me?

Sirius is nothing if not committed. So he keeps going, even batting his eyelashes for good measure. The stalemate lasts for about ten more seconds before Remus sighs.

Breaking first.

Because he always breaks first.

And Sirius feels something in his chest glow at the thought that at least some things between them will never change.

I was about to make food, Remus signs. You want some?

Sirius shakes his head. “Nope.”

“Well then—“ Remus turns to leave but Sirius’s arm shoots out, grabbing his wrist and pulling him back so that he stumbles against the bed. 

“Sirius! What the hell?”

But Sirius just looks up at him. Remus is here. With him. All his attention focused just on Sirius for the first time in forever. Since Fabian, supplies the nasty voice in his head. And yes, yes, it is a bit fucked up. That he wants to keep all of Remus for himself. They’ve established that already. He’s made peace with it. He’s horrible and selfish and desperately needy. But he wants Remus here. Under his hands. Between his teeth.

“Can you keep doing what you were doing before?”

Remus blinks down at him. “You—with your hair you mean?”

Sirius nods. “Helps my head.” It’s an excuse. For both of them. An excuse to stay. To touch.

“I’m sure there are other things that would help your head more. Where’d James put your painkillers?” Remus starts looking around the room but Sirius just tugs on his wrist again, demanding his eyes.

“You feel better,” a confession he tries to disguise as a joke. “C’mon Moony, give me a head massage, pretty please? I promise I’ll do the dishes for like a week.”

 “You realize that the dishes are something you should be doing anyway, right? Since half of them are yours?”

“Please,” his thumb rubbing the inside of Remus’s wrist. He sees Remus’s eyes drop down to it. Watching.

“Sirius,” uneasily. 

They’re playing some sort of game here. He isn’t sure what game exactly. It feels a bit like chicken though. I dare you. Dare you. Dare you.

To what, exactly? What do you want him to do?

asks the voice in his head. He ignores that question though. It’s easier to dance around it like this. It’s nothing. It’s normal. It’s just us. We’ve always been like this.

Dare you. Dare you. Dare you. 

He tugs on Remus’s arm again, and the other boy’s eyes snap back up to his face, his mouth. Remus hesitates for a moment longer before rolling his eyes.

“Okay, alright, shove over would you?”

Sirius grins, signing: You’re too easy, as he moves into the centre of the bed, allowing Remus to fit himself beside him, above the covers.

“Yeah, yeah,” Remus grumbles. Sirius leans into his side, head not exactly on him, but close, one of Remus’s arms around his shoulders, his hand in his hair.

Sirius hums and Remus must be able to feel it because he shakes his head. “You’re spoiled, you know that? James has spoiled you. You’re like an overfed house cat.”

Sirius smiles at that but doesn’t bother responding. At this angle Remus can’t see his mouth so he wouldn’t know anyway. It doesn’t take long for him to start to drift off, so completely at ease in a way he so rarely is. Usually needing to move. To scratch. To fight. Stillness is scary. Stillness doesn’t let you hide.

“You wanna hear something ridiculous?” Remus asks eventually.

Sirius blinks, waking up and tilting his head so he can look at the other boy, finding him already staring back.

“Tell me.”

He doesn’t though. At least not at first. Taking his time. Looking at Sirius. Seeing him. Horror of horrors. Sirius Black is a fright. Not something to be observed by the faint of heart. He’ll rot your joy. He’ll break your spirit. But Remus doesn’t seem to mind. Doesn’t feel the need to turn away. He sees him. 

                                                                          Sees him.

                                                                                                     Sees him.

                                                                                                                               Sees him.   

 

“I’ve missed you.”

Sirius hadn’t been expecting that. Doesn’t know what to say. Remus seems okay to carry on the conversation by himself though.

“I feel like we keep…missing each other lately. You were mad at me about Regulus. And then Fabian,” he scrunches his face up. “I don’t remember you ever being mad at me before this year and now it’s like…I don’t know…everything I do is wrong.”

“Remus—“

“And it’s shitty, and not fair,” he isn’t looking at Sirius. He doesn’t know he’s speaking. “And so now I’m mad at you too. Which is…not any better.”

“Remus.”

“I don’t know how to fix us. I don’t understand how we got here. We’re so good Sirius, you and me, when we work. When we…talk. We’re so good. I miss that. I miss you.”

“Remus,” he sits up, clumsily, half-tangled in the blankets, he ends up on his knees, trying to get the other boy to look at him.

“Oh,” Remus says, when their eyes meet.

And he doesn’t know what to say exactly. Just feels the desperate need to say something. Barely able to control the clawing beast in his chest.

I’m sorry, he manages finally. Signing so that there’s no confusion. I’m sorry. It’s me. I’m. I’m a mess this semester. I’ve been taking it out on you. I’m sorry. His hands hang uselessly in the air. Unable to express what they really mean.

Remus looks at him for a long moment before he nods. Truce?

Sirius lets out a strangled laugh. Really? You are going to let me off that easily? and then, with a helpless look. You deserve so much more than sorry Remus.

The other boy seems to consider this. Still looking. Still seeing. Before eventually he shrugs. Like I said. I miss you.

Sirius wants to tell him he feels the same. All the time. He feels the absence of Remus like a wound in his side. Like someone has come along and taken a bite out of him. He wants to tell him so many things. But none of them seem to find their way to the surface. His hands empty. Mouth dry. Two languages. And he can’t find the words in either of them.

Eventually, Remus reaches out, tugging him back down onto the bed, this time directing Sirius’s head to rest on his chest. Hand returning to his hair.

“You don’t need to be scared Sirius,” he says after a few moments, apropos of nothing as far as Sirius can tell. “I’m not going to leave you. You don’t need to squeeze so tight. I want to be here. I promise.”

The words catch in Sirius’s chest. “Fuck Remus,” he trembles, even though he knows Remus can’t see.

There’s not much more to say after that. And eventually Sirius drifts off to sleep.

 

 

When he wakes up his bed is empty.

But there are voices.

“-swear.”

“Okay but…I mean…you were in his bed.”

They’re muffled. Distant. But unmistakable. Remus has never been good at keeping his voice down, and apparently Fabian is meeting him where he’s at. Sirius rolls onto his back, arm thrown over his head, listening. There’s no light in his room, the curtains draw. He’s not sure what time it is.

“It really wasn’t anything, I promise. We’re just…like that…”

“You’re just like that?”

“Right okay, I understand how that sounds,” there’s silence and Sirius strains his ears. “But I don’t just mean—not just me and Sirius. All of us. God, James has spent basically every night this week sleeping in his bed.”

“Okay…”

“Fab—“

“It’s just…I don’t know. I don’t want to be the kind of person who tells you you can’t…that you have to change your friendships for me. I don’t want that but…it didn’t feel…good. Walking in on you like that.”

The beast in Sirius’s chest purrs.

He presses on his sternum, telling it to shut the fuck up.

“I get that. I totally get that, I promise. And I don’t want to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. But you need to know that it wasn’t sexual, okay? It wasn’t. Sirius he just…he needs to touch things sometimes.”

What the fuck?

“He—what?” and for once Sirius is very much on Fabian’s side.

He thinks he hears Remus sighing. “I mean that—he needs to touch things to believe they’re really there. Needs to hold people. It’s not about sex it’s about…fear.”

Sirius feels his breath shorten and he has to sit up, head instantly dropping between his bent knees as he tries to keep breathing normally. He wasn’t quite ready for that particular insight into his psyche. 

There’s a long pause outside the door, before: “You know, every time you bring up Sirius, I feel like we’re talking about two different people.”

Remus laughs. Sirius wonders absentmindedly if he even knows that he’s doing it.

“Yeah,” Remus goes on. “That—he’s good at that,” another pause and then. “Are we okay?”

“Yes,” the other boy says slowly. “But maybe, I don’t know, if you could just give me a heads up or something? The next time? I think it’ll make me feel better, if it isn’t like, a secret. You know?”

“Yes. I can do that,” a short pause and then: “Thank you for listening.”

Fabian huffs out a laugh that Remus can’t hear. “Thank you for explaining.”

 

 

His parents used to fight a lot, when Sirius was growing up. Some morbid part of him, some fucked up bit, used to like to listen. To hide at the top of the stairs, or behind the doors. It was scary, of course. Left this horrible feeling in the pit of his stomach. But he was fascinated by it anyway. Impossibly drawn towards the violence. 

Regulus did not feel the same. He used to cry. So Sirius would bring him into the backyard. Or if it was too cold, they would hide in the closet, and Sirius would bring a flashlight and tell him not-too-scary stories.

You would think Walburga would be the yeller but she wasn’t. Orion was quiet until the minute he was pushed too far and then his voice would rumble through the house. Shaking the walls. Like thunder. Uncontrollable rage. Sirius isn’t sure why he needed to hear them. Needed to hear every word. Like some twisted form of self-harm. Sometimes he thinks the universe gave him Regulus on purpose. So he would have an anchor. Something to love that wasn’t violent or cruel. Sometimes he thinks being Regulus’s brother is the most human thing about him.

 

 

By the end of the week, he’s doing well enough that he can leave the apartment. Which he does immediately and frequently. He’s still not able to go to classes. To sit for extended periods of time under the fluorescent lights, reading tiny words off an overhead projector. But he goes for walks. He has to wear dark sunglasses even when he’s inside. Not that he’s particularly opposed to this mind you. He’s pretty sure he can pull it off.

“Wow, don’t you look like more of a dickhead than usual,” Mary says as he walks up to the counter at the Gally.

“I have a concussion asshole.”

“A dickhead with brain damage then.”

“Har, har, har,” he deadpans, making Mary’s eyes sparkle.

“Hey Sirius!” Lily waves at him from the other end of the counter, laptop open, books surrounding her.

Sirius smirks. “Hey Evans,” and then, turning back to Mary; “Fancy seeing her here.”

Mary fixes him with a flat look. “You know,” she says, ignoring his comment. “It’s the funniest thing, you only ever seem to show up when Fabian isn’t working,” she leans on the counter. “What’s that about huh?”

Sirius holds her gaze. “Must be a coincidence.”

“Uh-huh. Cause I could have sworn James was in here asking about his schedule a few weeks ago.”

“Listen, I can’t explain why James does what he does. The guy’s a loose canon.”

She snorts. “You’re pathetic Black, you know that?”

He narrows his eyes. Also leaning forward so that the pair of them are nearly brushing foreheads. “Oh I’m pathetic?”

“Yes.”

“She basically lives at this counter.”

“It’s a nice counter.”

“Really Macdonald? That’s what you’re going with?”

“I have never seen Lily Evans so much as drunkenly kiss a girl at a party.”

“First time for everything.”

“Tell me again why Remus having a boyfriend makes you act like a crazy person?”

He glares. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

She gives him a dry smile. “I don’t believe you. Everyone else might think you’re stupid but not me Black. You aren’t stupid. You’re just a coward.”

And despite the uncomfortable way his heart has started to beat against his ribs he still manages a rough: “Pot. Kettle.”

“Are you two gonna make-out or something?” Lily calls from the other end of the counter, causing them to break the somewhat intense eye contact they’d been making to look at her. She’s grinning. “Cause I’d pay to see that.”

Mary rolls her eyes. “Keep it in your pants Evans,” and when Sirius waggles his eyebrows suggestively at her. “You too Black. Go wait over there with the other delinquent. Let me do my job.”

“But I haven’t even ordered yet!”

“Please, you get the same disgusting drink every time. Go. Shoo.”

“Fine, but don’t forget the whipped cream!”

He thinks he hears Mary gag.

 

 

He loves his friends. It’s not healthy how much. He knows that. People act like love is all good but it isn’t. Like you can’t have enough of it but you can. Too much of anything is bad. Sirius never learned how to feel things the right way. So it comes out of him all wrong. His love scratches and growls and never lets go. It wants to live inside your skin. It wants to be covered in your blood.

All love is not good love.

His mother taught him that.

 

 

“Oh.”

Fabian actually drops his books on the floor when he sees Sirius. Which shouldn’t be satisfying, but kind of is. It’s not that he wants to scare people exactly. But he’s not opposed to it either. Especially when the people in question is Fabian.

They’re standing in one of the aisles of the library. Dust heavy in the air. The lights dim, at least here in the stacks. After a few more seconds of awkward silence Sirius huffs, slightly amused as he bends down and picks up Fabian’s books, handing them back to him. For whatever reason, this seems to scare Fabian more.

“Oh,” he says again. “Thank you. I—“ but he doesn’t finish that sentence, just takes the books back.

Sirius is bigger than Fabian in every conceivable way, which is only exaggerated by the fact that Fabian seems intent on making himself as small as possible. Like maybe Sirius will stop being able to see him. There is a part of Sirius, that has the intense desire to push Fabian around. A horrible, awful childish part. He’s not sure if it would actually make him feel better. He doesn’t think so.

“Bio?” he finds himself saying, for reasons he can’t quite make sense of, nodding to the books in Fabian’s hands. The other boy looks down at them, startled.

“Oh. Yeah. Intro class,” he says sheepishly. “Not very interesting. Though I have learned more about worms than I ever thought I would. So.”

“I’m sure that’ll come in handy,” Sirius says flatly.

“Yeah. I—well, they wouldn’t teach it to us if it wasn’t useful right?” a shaky smile.

Sirius gives him a long look. “Mm,” he says helpfully. “Nothing like having blind faith in the institution.”

Fabian looks comically horrified by this. “No I—I didn’t mean that I just,” he exhales. “Sorry.”

“For?”

He’s being mean.

He knows he is.

He can feel it. And hear it. And taste it. He’s being mean. He doesn’t know why.

“Saying stupid things I guess? I’m nervous. I just say whatever pops into my head when I’m nervous. It’s annoying, I know.”

Fabian looks like he’s drowning. Like he has no idea where to go. Trapped. Sirius knows that look. That feeling. A chill running down his spine as he has the sudden and unpleasant realization that he is acting like his mother.

“Remus ever tell you he can do the worm?” the words sound awkward coming out of his mouth, not quite natural. He’s much better at being cruel than being kind. 

Fabian blinks a few times in rapid succession. “Like—the dance move?”

Sirius nods, unable to keep himself from smiling at the memory of a particularly wild high school party. Remus got drunk on fruity coolers and decided to take over the dance floor. Who needs to be on beat when you have a stomach full of liquid courage.

Fabian’s mouth falls open into an “O” shape. “He told me he couldn’t dance!” 

Sirius shrugs. “As a general rule, I wouldn’t believe anything Remus says about himself. He’s not a good judge of his own abilities.” See? He can be good. He can be good. He can be so so good.

Fabian lets out a little laugh. “I’ve noticed. Remus is…I mean…” his face goes all gooey and Sirius thinks he should be commended for not killing him. For not ripping the expression off his head in a bloody grotesque massacre. For not leaving him nothing but a pile of something that maybe could be a boy if you squinted your eyes and tilted your head just right. “He’s amazing.”

“Yeah, he’s alright.”

Fabian looks like he’s not sure whether or not he should laugh at that and so the pair descend into an excruciatingly awkward silence. After a few seconds Sirius coughs, clearing his throat. “Well, I’m gonna go, but—uh—good luck with…bio,” he gestures to the books.

Fabian looks shocked by this. That Sirius would wish him well. “Thank you. That’s—good luck with…the…ice hockey stuff.”

Sirius’s smile is brittle. “Yeah. Thanks,” making his way back down the aisle, to the staircase, to the door. His chest aches. Skin too hot. Collar too tight. 

Fabian is undeniably a good guy. And infuriatingly, Sirius doesn’t think he even has to try to be. Fabian has probably never even had an unkind thought in his life. It makes sense, that Remus would want that. Who wouldn’t? And if Sirius was really Remus’s friend he would be happy for him.

The beast in his chest snarls and bites.

He pointedly ignores it. Whiny bastard. He won’t give it the attention it wants, won’t give it a name. Because if he does then maybe he’ll feel the need to act on it. And he can’t do that. Can’t do that to Remus.

He deserves to be loved by someone who doesn’t want to use their teeth.

 

 

The first time he saw Remus Lupin he was fourteen.

The first time he saw Remus Lupin he was sitting at a desk with his head bent over a book and sandy hair falling into his eyes.

The first time he saw Remus Lupin he stopped dead in his tracks and James ran right into him.

“Dude?”

“Sorry, forgot what I was doing.”

“You mean walking?”

“Mm.”

The sun had been coming in through the windows, early morning, not even nine AM yet. Remus Lupin was made out of gold. And Sirius hadn’t known what to do. Skin crawling. An unbearable itch in his chest. Look at me, he’d thought desperately. Oh look at me. Look at me. Look at me. lookatmelookatmelookatmelookatmelookatmelookatmelookatmeeeeeee

Remus hadn’t though.

Didn’t look at him properly until days later, really.

It was intolerable. More than flesh and blood could stand. Sirius had pulled all manner of stunts to get his attention. But none of it had worked. Sure, at first it was because he hadn’t realized Remus couldn’t hear him. That certainly posed a challenge, but not an insurmountable one. But even after he’d gone to extremes to make himself the loudest looking person alive, he still hadn’t been able to get Remus Lupin to turn his head.

Until one day he’d been standing with James and Peter, in the hallway. James had said something, Sirius can’t even remember what. But he’d laughed. One of those big laughs. The type that fills your belly. That makes you cry. And when he’d looked up, he’d found Remus’s eyes on him.

Oh.

That was something.

That was world altering.

The atoms in his body rearranged themselves under Remus’s eyes. They needed. Needed. Needed him.

He’d asked Remus, several years later, what had made him look, since it couldn’t have been the noise. And he’d only shrugged and said:

“Your laugh is so bright. It’s impossible not to notice it. Like not noticing the sun is in the sky.”

 

 

“Peter!” James calls across the room as Peter steps out of the kitchen with the beer he went to grab in his hand. “Can you turn up the music?”

“Why’re you asking me?” Peter demands, jabbing an indignant hand in Sirius’s direction. “He’s closer.”

“Yeah, but you’re already up,” Sirius says from his spot on the floor. “So really, when you figure all the hassle of standing into it, you’re closer.”

Peter rolls his eyes, muttering under his breath as he walks over to the speakers and turns the dials.

“You two are awful,” Remus says, shaking his head and sipping his own beer. He’s sitting on the couch, James leaning against it near his legs. Peter steps over him to take his spot next to Remus.

I don’t know what you’re talking about, James signs before turning to Sirius. Do you know what he’s talking about?

No idea, Sirius makes his eyes big and innocent. We’re angels.

A pillow is thrown at his head, the four of them laughing.

Asshole, Remus signs.

“Hey! You laughed!”

Still an asshole.

“Alright, okay, settle down children,” James sits forward. “We have Christmas things to discuss.”

Sirius feels his stomach drop. He’s been meaning to tell James that he’s going to his parent's for Christmas. Really he has. He just hasn’t…gotten around to it. I mean there was the whole concussion thing and just…well. It slipped his mind, so to speak. But this. This is definitely the wrong moment.

You two are gonna stay over right? James motions to Peter and Remus. Like last year?

Works for me, Remus signs easily.

“Yeah me too,” Peter nods. “I’ll double check with my mum but…should be fine.”

“Awesome. Me and Sirius will make sure we’re well stocked up before you get there. That way the partying can get started right away.”

No eggnog this year, Remus signs instantly, hands emphatic. If I ever smell that stuff again I’ll vomit.

James laughs. Alright, no eggnog. I think we can manage that, don’t you?

He looks at Sirius expectantly and it’s all Sirius can do not to grimace. “Uh,” he coughs. “Actually, um, I’m gonna be coming up that day too.”

There’s a beat of silence.

James's brow furrows and he lets out a sort of incredulous half-laugh. “What?”

Sirius’s throat feels tight, and he swallows with some difficulty as he sits up properly, playing with the beer bottle in his hands. “I’m—uh—“ he can’t really think about it. What he’s about to say. “I’m going home for Christmas.”

He thinks he hears Peter hiss out a breath, like he’s just gotten burned. But James is still looking at him with mild bewilderment. “Yeah, I know. Of course you are. We’re leaving in like three days—or do you need to stay for some reason? Do have to retake an exam or something?”

God. He hates this. “James.”

“Sirius.”

“I’m going home. I’m going…to my parent's place.”

James goes stock still across from him, and for a second none of them move. Hell, it feels like none of them even breathe. And then:

“No.”

“James—“

“Was this your mom? What did she do? Did she call you again?”

“No it—James!”

But James has gotten to his feet, pulling his phone out of his pocket and dialling.

“Who are you calling?”

“My dad,” he says. “And then a lawyer. This ends now. We’re getting a fucking restraining order.”

“A what?” Sirius asks, feeling completely lost as he scrambles to his feet. “James—“

“Dad?” James says into the phone. “Yeah, hi. listen—“

“James it wasn’t my mom.”

“—you know your friend? The one who works in New York? Yeah, yeah well—“

“James, it wasn’t my mom,” he repeats, even though James isn’t listening, face set, looking the way he does at every game. Ready to take someone down. Ready to win some battle. Except there’s nothing to fight this time.

“Sirius needs a lawyer, a good one. No, he—“

“It was Regulus.”

And somehow that manages to get through to him. James’s eyes snap right to Sirius. “What?” he demands. Sirius can hear Fleamont in the background, talking on the phone, but James clearly isn’t listening anymore.

“Regulus asked me to come home for Christmas and I said yes,” he opens his arms, palms up. “I had to say yes James.”

James just stares at him for a few more second. And then: “Dad I’ll call you back,” before hanging up the phone.

The room suddenly feels horribly quiet, all eyes on Sirius. And he doesn’t know what to do. He doesn’t know how to explain.

James is shaking his head. “You’re not going back there.”

“It’s just Christmas,” Sirius tries to give him a grin, tries to relax his shoulders, tries to make this normal. Make this okay. “It’ll be a little awkward, I’ll get drunk on sherry or whatever the fuck Orion is stocking up on these days, and then we’ll be back here. Honestly, it’s not a big deal.”

“Not a big deal?” James repeats, voice cold. “You really expect me to buy that? Me?” and when Sirius has nothing to say; “We’re not doing this again. Her calling has been bad enough. And you know what it’ll be like if you go back to that house. She’ll get in your head. She’ll—“

“James, he thinks I left him,” Sirius cuts him off. Those words are old. Those words have been with Sirius for years. Since he was fourteen. Since the first time he heard Regulus’s voice after he walked out of that house alone. Maybe his brother has never said them before. But they’ve always been there. Sitting between them. A moat. A wall. An army.

“He thinks I left him,” Sirius repeats, just to make himself bleed a little more. “And he’s right.”

“No,” the word punches out of James, and he steps forward, reaching for Sirius even though he doesn’t touch him. Like he can shove those words back down his throat. “No he isn’t. Sirius? Look at me?” as though Sirius could look anywhere else. “He isn’t right. Not about this.” 

James is scared, Sirius knows that. The people he loves being hurt scares him. And Sirius hates scaring him. But all he does is shake his head. “He asked me to do this for him. He never asks me for anything anymore. But he asked me for this,” he shrugs. “So I’m going to do it.”

James turns away from him then, facing the wall, hands on the back of his head. Like they’re down in the third period and he’s still trying to figure out how to win the game. Remus and Peter both look shellshocked. Eyes big, staring between them. Sirius has no idea how much of that Remus was able to understand.

“James?” Remus finally says. “I think maybe…you might be overreacting just a little?” Sirius cringes. “He’s just going to see his family for Christmas?” The problem is. Remus doesn’t understand. Neither does Peter really. Sirius found James and James found Sirius and that was all he needed. To fill him in. To keep him standing. To hide the ugly stuff. He can store it all up, save it for James, because James can handle it. James has always been able to handle it. When he would come undone under his mother’s words James was there to drown her out. To hold his bloody hands and say: we’re okay. We’re going to to be okay. Always we. So that Sirius knew he wasn’t in this alone. That even when he went back home he wasn’t alone.

For a long moment James doesn’t say anything. And then he’s moving again. Which is not a good sign.

“Where are you going?” Sirius asks, following him to the front door where James is shoving his shoes on. “You’re acting like me right now and it’s really wigging me out so I’m gonna need you to take a fucking breath.”

James doesn’t bother doing up his laces, just grabs his coat off the pile he left it in on the floor.

“Dude—where the fuck are you going?” Sirius follows him down the stairs, not bothering with his own shoes.

“I’m going to talk to Regulus.”

Sirius almost groans. “Yeah, cause that’ll end well.”

“He doesn’t get to do this to you. It isn’t fair. He doesn’t—doesn’t know.”

“James, fuck, just—“ he grabs hold of his best friend’s arm, nearly falling down the last few stairs in his attempt to keep him from opening the front door. “Hey,” he yanks hard on James, forcing him to turn around. “Stop.”

“Sirius—“

“Stop. This is my choice, okay? Not my mother’s and not yours.”

He sees James recoil at that, eyes wide. “I’m not—“

But Sirius cuts him off. “I’m not saying that, I’m just saying…” but he doesn’t know exactly where to go with that so eventually he gives up. “I’m gonna be alright. I promise. It’s only a week.”

James doesn’t look like he believes that even for a second. “You need to tell Regulus.”

Sirius blinks, confused. “Tell Regulus what?”

“How badly it messes you up, being there. Tell him about your hands.”

Sirius feels his whole body go stiff. “No.”

“He doesn’t understand. He doesn’t know what he’s asking.”

“James—“

“—if you just—“

“I said no.”

They stand there, staring at one another, somehow both breathing heavy, trapped in the small space between the stairs and the front door. Eventually James seems to deflate, leaning back against the wall.

“I hate this.”

Sirius gives him a weak smile. “I know you do.”

“I’ll come with you.”

Which is such a ridiculous offer and yet he knows James means it. That if he asked he would. But he won’t ask. Because Regulus wouldn’t forgive him. And because he won’t put James in his mother’s path.

“I’m not fourteen anymore. I can handle her. I promise.”

James only shakes his head before pulling Sirius into a hug. “If it gets bad you call. Or you just come over. Okay?”

Sirius wonders if they’re both thinking of the night he showed up, soaking wet on James’s front stoop.

“Okay,” he says, even though he knows he won’t. He thinks James probably knows too.

James pulls back, hands on Sirius’s shoulders, he’s only a little taller. “You’ll still come to the party though?”

He nods. “Yeah James.”

The other boy bites on his lower lip for a second and then: “You should bring Regulus.”

Which surprises Sirius, given the altercation they just had. He wouldn’t have thought James was feeling particularly generous towards Regulus at the moment. But then, James has always been better at letting things go.

“Yeah?”

James nods, squeezing his shoulder. “Yeah. It’ll be good.”

And maybe he’s right.

 

 

The night he left he stood outside Regulus's door for a long time. A recklessly long time. The thing is, he couldn’t really see how it would work. Because he couldn’t take Regulus to school with him. And he also wasn’t sure how Regulus would react to the idea of leaving at all. Because sometimes Regulus wanted to play. And sometimes he didn’t. Sometimes it felt like him and Sirius were on the same side, and other times he was cozying up to their mother.

And if he told her before Sirius made it to the Potter’s…

Still. Sirius couldn’t quite bring himself to move. Knowing his baby brother was on the other side of that door. Knowing that he would be leaving him alone in this house. Regulus wasn’t like Sirius, he didn’t have a James.

But then, their mother had always been easier on Regulus. He had never struggled to follow her rules quite as much.

Sirius thought about Regulus, as he went back to his own room. As he climbed out of the window of his bedroom. As he ran down the street in the pouring rain with nothing but his hockey gear. He thought about Regulus. The whole way to James’s. Thought about him when he was warm and safe and in his best friend’s bed.

He convinced himself there wasn’t anything he could have done.

Convinced himself he was right not to knock on that door.

Though somedays he feels like he’s still standing there, hand hovering in front of the wood, wondering if Regulus will answer. If he can save him. If Regulus even wants to be saved.

Or if he just wants someone to drown with.

 

 
Notes:

    i love him

    i love sirius so much

    he's so twisted up but he loves his boys so much and he tries to be good but he isn't inherently good and James loves him more than the whole world and he would choose him over regulus in a heartbeat sorry not sorry (and sirius would choose James over regulus these are simply facts, i asked the scientists, they ran tests, did experiments, studies show)

    ANYWAY

    hopefully that was good, next is Christmas which may or may not come in a Part I and a Part II format, we'll see :)

    I wish you all a cozy bed and a perfectly steeped cup of tea!!!!!!

Chapter 16: Part I Going Home
Summary:

    “When I write of hunger, I am really writing about love and the hunger for it"

Notes:

    tw: ED content (nothing about weight, body image, or calorie counting, but definitely difficulty eating, anxiety around food, and disordered eating maybe? or, unhealthy narratives about food? The idea of "clean" food is brought up)

    tw: difficult coming out (it's not bad but it's not good, y'know?)

    idk if this is a tw, but you do get conversations with Remus and Lyall about deafness that are a little bit tense, and a little bit negative,

    I think that's it?

    OH ALSO FRENCH IN THE ENDNOTES :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



Part I: Sirius

 

He thinks he’s going to be sick.

“It won’t bite you, you know?” Regulus says from behind him.

Sirius doesn’t look at him. Doesn’t take his eyes off the front door. “You sure about that?”

“Pretty sure, yeah,” and then, after several more seconds of Sirius not moving. “Do you want me to do it?”

Sirius huffs. “No. It’s fine. I can open a door.”

“If you say so.”

He rolls his eyes. “Asshole,” under his breath as he fits the key into the lock, hands sweaty as he turns the door knob.

It’s jarring, being back here. For the obvious reasons, but also—the Potter’s house is so…soft. Warn-in. Walls overcrowded with family pictures, all the furniture well loved and beaten up, magazines and books strewn around. People live in that house.

Here.

Here everything is so bare.

So untouched.

Sterilized.

“Well aren’t you two a sight for sore eyes.”

Sirius’s head snaps up, his father appearing on the landing at the top of the stairs. Orion is a tall man, broad shouldered, salt and pepper hair. A smile that looks like it needs to be dusted off. It’s been months since he last saw his father through a screen. Years since he’s seen him in person. And Sirius finds himself frozen. 

“Hey dad,” Regulus lets the bag slide off his shoulder as he meets their father at the bottom of the stairs, hugging him. Sirius doesn’t move. Doesn’t know where to go. What’s expected of him. His hand is gripping the strap of his bag so tightly he’s worried it’s going to snap.

Orion and Regulus pull apart, Orion taking Regulus’s face between his hands. “Look at you, you’re so grown up.”

“Dad, please.” Regulus rolls his eyes, looking down, cheeks pink.

“What?” Orion laughs. “You are!” he tilts Regulus’s head forward, kissing his hair. Sirius has always hated this bit. Maybe more than the rest. Hated the bit where they pretend to be a happy family.

“Alright, alright,” Regulus bats their father away, somewhat half-heartedly, which inevitably leads Orion to Sirius. For a moment it feels as though all of them have frozen. 

“Sirius,” his dad says finally. “You’ve been having a good season.”

He almost laughs. “You’re following the team?”

His father shrugs, helpless half-smile. “Of course.”

Of course.

He should feel all warm and gooey now, right? He should feel touched? But he doesn’t. He feels angry. Bitter. You stood there and let her tell me I was nothing. That I couldn’t do it. Where were you then?

“Orion?”

Sirius feels himself stiffen at the sound of his mother’s voice. He thinks he sees Regulus do the same.

“Front hall!” their father calls out. “The boys are here!”

She appears in the kitchen doorway, her dark hair braided down her back, nearly reaching her waist, a shocking streak of white at the front. She has pale skin, rosy cheeks, deep red lips. She doesn’t look surprised to find them there, not that there’s any reason for her to be really, she knew they were coming.

“Tu es en avance,” she says mildly, kissing Regulus lightly on the cheek.

“We got a cab from the train station,” Regulus says, tight smile. “Salut maman, joyeux Noël.”

“Mm,” she says, assessing him for a moment, knuckle running along his cheek. “You’re pale.”

Sirius snorts. “You only noticing that now?”

“Sirius,” Regulus and Orion say at the same time. He rolls his eyes, but keeps his mouth shut, crossing his arms over his chest grumpily.

“Too much studying I guess,” Regulus says to their mother. “Not getting a lot of sun.”

Walburga’s eyes narrow. “You look sick.”

“Really mom?”

She turns to Sirius, her eyes do not warm like their father’s. There’s no longing. No affection. Empty. Empty. Empty. Sometimes Sirius will look in the mirror and catch the same expression on his own face. He wonders if that’s what Fabian sees when he looks at him.

“Is there a problem Sirius?”

“You haven’t seen him in months and that’s the first thing you have to say to him?”

“It’s fine,” Regulus says quietly, not looking at either of them. “Really, I don’t mind.”

But Walburga’s eyes are set on her eldest son. “I’m sorry Sirius, I do know how difficult it is for you, not to be the centre of attention.”

He scoffs, though the dig does manage to burrow itself between his ribs. “That’s not what this is about.”

“Oh?” she asks, tilting her head to the side. “I’m sure you were imagining we would all fall at your feet, the prince returned to his castle. If you were expecting this visit to be the Sirius show I’m afraid you are going to be sorely disappointed.”

Sirius has nothing to say. It’s infuriating—the ability his mother has to back him into a corner. No one has ever been able to render him speechless quite as well as her. After several long seconds of tense silence she turns her attention back to Regulus.

“You need a haircut,” she says decisively, eyes running cruelly over his curls.

“His hair looks fine,” Sirius snaps, wincing at the whiny tone of his own voice. He sounds like a child. 

“I’ll call the barber tomorrow,” Regulus says before their mother can respond.

Sirius barely manages not to roll his eyes as Walburga smiles triumphantly, pulling Regulus forward and kissing the top of his head just like their father. The perfect son. Such a good little doll. “Excellent. Your room is ready for you. Sirius you’re in the guest room on the second floor.”

“What? What about my room?”

She turns her cool eyes on him. Smooth as ever. “What room?”

That shouldn’t be the gut punch that it is.

“You don’t live here anymore, remember?”

She isn’t wrong, but Walburga can make the truth hurt like no one Sirius has ever met. His mother turns away then, heading back down the hall. “Dinner is at seven. Sirius, I’m assuming you remember where the dining room is?” she calls over her shoulder, not waiting for a response.

 

 

The guest room is no different from the rest of the house really. Bare white walls. White sheets. Spotless hardwood floor. There’s no dirt. No dust. No clutter. Sirius sighs, dropping his bag before he collapses down onto the bed, fingers coming up to pinch the bridge of his nose. He has a headache. He’s been getting them on and off since the concussion. Though this one might be Walburga related, it’s hard to tell. Talking to her does feel like getting your head slammed into the ice.

He lies there for a few seconds before reaching into his back pocket and pulling out his phone.

 

James

hey hows it going?

 

sirius?

 

siiiiiiirrrrrrrfriusss

 

has she eaten you? should i send a
woodsman or something?

 

HELLO??????????

 

Sirius

woodsman?

 

James replies immediately. Because of course he does. The nerd.

 

James

u know

like in lil red riding hood

 

Sirius

?

 

James

he cuts open the wolfs stomach and
rescues the little girl and her grandmother?

 

Sirius

if you say so

no woodsman needed

i haven’t been eaten

…

yet

 

James

good 2 know

 

There’s a short pause and then:

 

u ok tho?

 

Sirius smiles at his phone.

 

Sirius

yeah James, i’m ok

 

James

good

 

There’s a knock on Sirius’s door and he barely holds in a groan. He wonders if he can fake being asleep? Probably not. It’s only two in the afternoon.

 

Sirius

g2g

 

James

k

call me later?

i miss you babyyyyyyy ;) ;) ;)

 

Sirius snorts. Sliding his phone into his pocket as the knocking comes again. “Yeah?” he asks, sitting up. There’s a pause before the door opens.

“Hey,” Regulus says, quickly shoving his hands into the front pocket of his hoodie.

“Hey.”

There’s a long moment of silence, Regulus barely past the doorway, like he’s afraid to come too far in. To commit too much. “So,” he says finally, eyes meeting Sirius’s and then looking away. “Dad’s got the rink made, in the back.”

Sirius blinks. “Really?”

Regulus nods, giving him a little smile. “Told me he got the hose out the second he heard you were coming.”

Which doesn’t make sense to Sirius.

“He doesn’t do it for you?”

He can see the effort it takes Regulus to swallow. See him playing around with different answers. Sirius resists the urge to snap at him. Just tell me the truth. Luckily he does have some self-restraint.

“I don’t really skate anymore,” Regulus says finally. “Told you that.”

“You told me you didn’t play,” Sirius corrects. “I didn’t realize you weren’t even skating. I mean, shit Reg, we barely ever did anything else when we were kids.”

Regulus nods noncommittally. “Yeah well. We’re not kids anymore. So.”

Sirius doesn’t know what to do with that.

“Anyway,” Regulus shrugs his shoulders, though it doesn’t manage to make him look any less tense. “I was wondering if you wanted to…” he nods in the direction of the backyard. “Y’know, since he made it.”

Sirius watches him for a second and then: “I didn’t bring my skates.”

“Dad’s will probably fit you,” Regulus says. Which is when Sirius hears something that hadn’t been there before. Or maybe he just hadn’t noticed it. He hears the please in Regulus’s voice. 

“Er—“ clearing his throat. “Okay. That should work.”

Regulus looks up again. “Yeah?”

“Yeah,” Sirius nods, then laughing; “Shit Reg, getting to see you out on the ice might just be the highlight of my week.”

Regulus rolls his eyes, but Sirius doesn’t miss the way he smiles when they leave the room.

 

 

Even wearing his dad’s old shitty slightly-too-big skates, Sirius feels better the second he steps out onto the ice. It used to seem so big when he was little, but three strides now and he’s made it from one end to the other. He’s surprised when he discovers Walburga kept his old hockey sticks. 

“I would have thought she’d burn them,” his hands run up and down the length of them, like they’re something precious. Probably the only good memories he has at this house are playing with these things out here.

Regulus won’t quite meet his eye. “I hid them before she could,” grabbing one and heading back towards the ice.

“You did?”

Regulus shrugs, not facing him. “I thought you’d come back.”

They don’t touch the puck at first, just lazily skating about. Regulus is definitely a little rusty, but then, he never did play like Sirius. Sirius who throws himself at the ice. Cuts and scrapes and broken bones be damned. Regulus always needed to feel it out. Adjust. He was all strategy even when they were kids.

Eventually, Sirius skates up beside him, both stopping in front of the net. “Shootout?” he asks, waggling his eyebrows. 

Regulus snorts. “Yeah right, you just want to chuck pucks at my face.”

Sirius gasps in mock offence. “Regulus, how dare you! I would never.”

“Uh-huh,” skating around him and stealing the puck. “My black-eye in third grade would beg to differ.”

“That was an accident!” his voice bouncing off the trees surrounding them. “You really need to learn to let things go.”

“I will when you do,” Regulus gives him a sharp grin that makes Sirius laugh.

“Touché.”

Regulus is playing with the puck on his tape, passing it back and forth. “No goalie,” he says finally. “First one to get three in the net wins.”

Sirius’s smile widens. “You’re on.”

 

 

“AND HE SCORES!” Sirius throws his arms up in the air, gliding around the back of the net and towards his scowling brother.

“That was not a goal.”

“It went in the net!”

“Yeah, off your skate! What do you think this is, soccer? There’s no kicking in hockey dickface.”

“Oooh,” Sirius laughs skating around as Regulus glares at him. “Someone’s a sore loser.”

“YOU cheated.”

Sirius grins. “Aw, well, why don’t you get the ref, I’m sure he’ll care about your stupid rules. Oh wait.”

The next time Sirius skates close Regulus shoves him, causing Sirius to stumble, dropping his stick. “Hey! Roughing! That’s a penalty!” slightly more dramatic than usual, which with Sirius is really saying something.

“I’ll show you roughing.”

“Big tough Defenceman.”

“Tougher than you.”

“Wow Reg.”

The two are circling one another now, Sirius openly smiling, Regulus trying his best not to.

“I’ve seen you on the ice Sirius, you use speed, but your strength is shit.”

“Sorry I’m not punching people out in hospitals.”

“Can’t use your speed here though, not enough space.”

Sirius’s canines slip over his lower lip. “You gonna beat me up Regulus? Really? All 4’9 of you?”

“I’m 5’7 asshole!”

“Sure, when you stand on your tiptoes.”

Regulus lunges forward and Sirius dodges out of the way, leading to a game of cat and mouse, the pair chasing one another around the ice, calling out insults that become more and more unhinged as they go.

“Donkey fucker!”

“Ant dick!”

Regulus eventually manages to grab the back of Sirius’s coat, yanking on him, sending the pair of them slipping and stumbling across the ice, ending up in something more like a hug than a fight.

“If you give me another concussion Reg I swear to god,” Sirius says, even though he’s laughing.

Regulus’s eyes go wide. “Oh shit, I forgot.”

But Sirius only shakes his head. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”

They’ve stopped roughhousing, both gripping one another even though there’s no need to anymore. Regulus is looking at him with something Sirius doesn’t quite understand. And then, slowly, he moves his hand up to brush the back of Sirius’s head, right where it hit the ice.

“Regulus,” he gives his brother a little shake. “I’m fine, okay? Totally one-hundred-percent fine. I swear. I’m not made of glass.”

Regulus swallows with some difficulty. “I know,” he says, voice rough. “You were always the strong one.”

Sirius frowns. “That’s not what I—“

“Boys!”

They turn to see their dad at the back door, he smiles at them and Sirius tries not to care. Not to care that his father is obviously happy that he’s here. That him and Regulus are getting along. That they’re acting like a family.

“Dinner.”

“Coming!” Regulus shouts back, pulling out Sirius’s arms.

“Regulus,” Sirius tries to catch him but his brother is already skating towards the snow bank.

“Hurry up,” is all Regulus says, not looking back at him. “Mum will be in a mood if we’re late.” 

 

 

Their mum is in a mood anyway.

Shocker.

It’s a rare occasion, the Black family sitting down to a meal together. The four of them eating silently as classical music drifts in over the speakers, dishes his mother had catered—because neither of their parents can cook to save their lives—passed around the table.

“Regulus, you still haven’t sent me your first term marks,” is how Walburga chooses to start the dinner conversation. Lifting her glass to her mouth, red wine staining her lips when she pulls it away.

“I haven’t—uh—haven’t gotten them yet,” Regulus says as he meticulously pushes the food around on his plate. Forcing his peas and potatoes into formation. “We won’t have our exam marks until after the break,” he doesn’t look up when he talks.

“Hm,” Walburga somehow manages to make that sound threatening. “Well when you do, you’ll let me know, yes?”

“Yeah. Of course.”

They lapse into silence again. The noise of forks and knives on porcelain filling the air. It only last a few seconds before Walburga goes back to needling him.

“Have you found a therapist yet?”

Regulus freezes for a moment. But only a moment. “Yup.”

“And you’re taking your meds? On time? And everyday.”

“Mom.”

“What?”

Regulus sighs, messing his peas up and starting again. “Yes.”

“Yes what?” Walburga pushes.

“Yes to all of it.”

Sirius doesn’t know if she believes him. He sure as hell doesn’t. She watches Regulus for another minute before giving him a curt nod. “Good. Perhaps after the break you’ll be able to resume working on the merger with Lucius.”

Another barely noticeable pause.  “I—I don’t think so.”

“Why not?” it’s not a question. Not really. “Once you have yourself…” she waves her wine about. “Under control, I can’t see why it would be an issue.”

“Seriously mom?” Sirius says before he can stop himself, earning him a kick from Regulus under the table.

“Yeah I’ll…I’ll ask Lucius.”

She nods again. “Excellent.”

Regulus has cut his pork chop up into tiny, nearly identical square pieces that he has now started shuffling around his plate.

“Lucius is reasonable,” their mother continues, Sirius grinding his teeth. “If you apologize, promise to do better, he’ll give you another chance.”

“Apologize,” Regulus repeats numbly.

“This internship will really look very good on your CV, especially with the work you’ll be doing for me this summer. I wonder if it’s possible to fast track your degree,” her nails tap on her glass. “If you took courses between terms? Do you think?”

“I don’t know, I’d have to ask.” He’s gone back to cutting his meat into tiny pieces.

“Graduating in three years instead of four would certainly be more impressive, plus the sooner you’re working full time the better—“

“Jesus mom, can you let him breathe?” Sirius snaps. A bit too loud. A bit too aggressive. The plate scraping stops. Everyone looking at him, even Regulus.   

His mother’s expression is far too smug for Sirius’s liking. “Oh I’m sorry, is someone not getting the attention they wanted?”

Sirius rolls his eyes. “I keep telling you, that’s not what this is about.”

“Isn’t it?”

He practically growls, hands wrapped around his silverware so tightly he’s surprised his fork doesn’t snap in half. “You’re smothering him.”

She lets out a high laugh. “Oh please.”

“You are,” he turns to his father. “Surely you can see that?”

But Orion won’t really meet his eye. “She was just asking questions Sirius.”

“Oh come on! It’s like a bloody interrogation every time she gets him in her sights.” 

“Sirius really,” Regulus has gone back to staring at his plate. “It’s fine.”

“It’s not fine!”

“Has it occurred to you Sirius,” his mother interjects, sitting back in her chair and twirling her wine glass like some sort of villain. “That since you’re the only one with the problem, maybe the problem is you?”

Yes actually.

It has.

Frequently.

The thing about not having an ally. A friend. Someone you can turn to and go I’m not crazy right? That did happen? Is that you do start to loose it a bit. His mother is an expert at making reality feel wobbly. She can make whole conversations disappear from history. I don’t know what you’re talking about Sirius, she’ll say. I never said that. And, well, how exactly do you fight back against that?

“You need to give him a break mom,” Sirius says. “After everything he went through last year, you can’t just keep pushing him like this or he’s—“

“And what exactly do you know about last year?” she asks, voice much sharper now. “Don’t you lecture me. You were off doing as you please. I’m the one who had to deal with it.”

There’s a high pitched screech as Regulus’s knife slips against his plate. Sirius thinks Regulus has started cutting up his peas now. As far as he can tell not a single piece of food has made it to his brother’s mouth.

“Deal with it?” Sirius demands. “Jesus, that’s how you want to describe taking care of your kid?”

“This went a little beyond simple care Sirius,” she hisses back at him. “Which you would know if you had been here.”

“I would have been if you hadn’t—“

“Oh no, don’t go changing the facts. You ran away. No one kicked you out. No one wanted you to leave. That was all you. Do try to take some responsibility. Actions like that have consequences.”

“I know that,” through gritted teeth. Somehow Regulus is still cutting his food. Smaller. Smaller. Smaller. The noise of his fork and knife a constant hum in the background of the conversation.

“Do you?” the more upset he gets the calmer she gets.

“Yes.”

“Then say it. Admit it. Take responsibility. You left. You walked away. No one forced you.”

Sirius shakes his head. “You—“

“Me, me, me,” she laughs. “Your life does not revolve around me Sirius. You’ve made that abundantly clear.”

“It's impossible to live here, don’t you see that? You make all of us miserable!” he forces himself to let go of the fork in his hand, afraid that he’s getting just a little too close to using it as a weapon.

“Again with the dramatics,” she sighs. “Regulus do I make you miserable?”

Regulus doesn’t look up. Cutting and scraping and piling.

“Regulus?”

Cutting and scraping and piling.

“Please answer me when I speak to you.”

Cutting and scraping and piling.

Cutting and scraping and piling.

Cuttingscrapingpiling

“Stop that,” she snaps, reaching out and grabbing his wrist. Regulus freezes. The whole dining room suddenly quiet.

“Sorry,” Regulus finally mutters.

“Just eat your food for god’s sake.”

Regulus still isn’t looking up, eyes intent on his plate, shoulders nearly to his ears.

“Sorry,” he says again.

“I thought you had this under control, I thought that’s what the therapist was for? This is unacceptable.”

“Walburga,” their father says gently. Not that it helps.

“Well?” she waves at Regulus who looks like he’s attempting to sink through the floor. “We can’t have guests over if he’s going to behave like this. Can’t take him to dinners. Regulus really, you have to learn to manage this.”

Regulus just nods. Jerky. Mechanical. “Yeah. Sorry. I got…stuck. It’s not. I’m usually better.”

She scoffs. “I should certainly hope so.”

Which is about as much as Sirius can take. With one quick flick of his hand he sends his wine glass tipping over, red wine careening across the white tablecloth and right into his mother’s lap.

“Oh—Jesus!” she pushes back from the table and stands up. “Sirius!”

“Sorry,” he shrugs, barely managing not to smirk. “Slipped.”

She shoots daggers at him before storming off. “These are new!” she mutters down the hall. “And expensive! Christ, red wine of all things! I’ll never be able to get this out.”

The remaining three men sit amongst the carnage of dinner, the noise of wine dripping onto the floor doing all the talking. It only takes a few minutes before Walburga comes storming back in, a new pair of pants on and a paper bag in her hands.

She looks straight at her husband. “I need you to drive me to the dry-cleaners.”

Orion raises his brow. “Now?”

“Yes now! I can’t let this sit overnight.”

“Surely you could drive yourself?” Sirius says, earning him a severe look.

“It’s dark and icy and I would prefer your father drive. Or would you like me to get into a car accident?”

Sirius gives her a nasty sneer. “I mean, if you’re offering—“

“OKAY,” Orion stands abruptly. “I’ll put on my shoes and coat and we’ll get going.”

Walburga and Sirius continue to glare at one another for a moment longer before she follows her husband into the front hall. Several moments later Sirius and Regulus listen as the front door is slammed shut. Once again leaving them in silence. Regulus still hasn’t looked up.

Eventually Sirius sighs, running a hand through his hair before he gets to his feet, taking his plate and his father’s with him. “Lets clean this up, yeah?”

For a second Regulus doesn’t move, and then: “Yeah okay.”

They clean in silence. Scraping off plates. Soaking up wine. Throwing the tablecloth in the washing machine. The leftover food in the fridge. When they’re done Regulus starts heading towards his room but Sirius grabs his arm.

“Sit,” he says, motioning to the bar stools around the island.

Regulus gives him a quizzical look but doesn’t question him, sitting down. Sirius pokes around in the fridge before finding what he’s looking for—eggs. He grabs a pot. Starts boiling water. 

“What’re you doing?” Regulus asks.

“Making you dinner,” Sirius says casually.

Regulus once confessed to Sirius that food leaves him feeling dirty on the inside. Like he can feel it staining him, feel the crumbs, the grease. Like dirty fingers on a pane of glass. Sticking to the walls of his skin. Sitting in his stomach. He said that, after he eats, his brain won’t be able to focus on anything else. Digestion taking up all the space in his thoughts, like he can feel it every step of the way. Every moment it’s inside him. And all he’ll want is to shove a wire brush down his throat so he can scrub himself out.

Some foods are okay. Are easier. They feel clean, Regulus said. Like boiled eggs. Sirius pulls out some grapes too. Those work. Toast with no butter. Everything in parts. In pieces.

Contained.

Clear.

The eggs finish and he puts them on the plate, not cracking the shells. Regulus won’t want that. Hands. Fingers. People touching his food. Most of the time he can’t eat things other people have prepared.

Sirius slides the plate over to him, sitting in the seat across from him. For a moment Regulus just stares down at the food, his throat working, and then: “You remembered.”

“Of course,” and when Regulus doesn’t move, he reaches over and nudges him. “Go on. Eat.”

There are another few seconds of stillness before Regulus nods, picking up one of the eggs and and cracking the shell. Sirius waits until he’s eaten a good amount before he asks his next question:

“Were you telling the truth?” Regulus looks up at him and Sirius does his best to make his tone as non-confrontational as possible. “About therapy? About your meds?” he clarifies. “I get that this place,” he waves his hand around at the house. “That it fucks with you, really I do. But…are you…do you really have it under control?”

Regulus finishes chewing, swallowing with some difficulty before he answers. “Of course.”

“Really?”

Regulus nods. “I promise.”

Sirius looks at him, not sure whether or not to believe him. He wants to. And the truth is, he has no fucking idea what to do if he’s lying. But something…something doesn’t feel right. He opens his mouth to speak when his back pocket starts vibrating. He considers ignoring it but if it’s James and Sirius lets it go to voicemail he’ll start freaking out.

But it isn’t James.

It’s a video call.

Remus.

“Uh—“ he says, still staring at the screen. “Do you mind if I take this?”

“Go for it,” Regulus says, finishing off his toast. “I can clean up in here.”

Sirius nods, as he slides off his stool, walking towards his room. “Thanks.” He swipes his finger across the screen, smiling when a ruffled blond head appears.

“Hey.”

 

 

Part II Lily 

 

Lily

update. he actually is wearing khakis

 

Mary

of course he is

 

Lily

save me

please

have some kind of medical emergency

 

Mary

why would i call you in a medical emergency??

 

Lily

cause you loooooove me

 

Mary

right.

if i’m having a medical emergency i’m

gonna call someone who isn’t scared of blood

 

Lily

HEY

i’m not scared of it

 

Mary

uh huh

 

Lily

it just makes me feel sick

 

Mary

great in a medical emergency

 

Lily

fuck you

 

Mary

out of your league Evans

 

Lily snorts down at her phone, starting to type a reply when Petunia very pointedly clears her throat. She looks up to find the whole table staring at her.

“Shi—oot. Sorry,” she gives them an awkward smile as she slips her phone back into her pocket. “I just meant to check the time and I got. . . distracted.”

“What? Are we not entertaining enough for you?” Petunia arches her brow.

“I mean, you could try a little harder. Juggle something maybe?”

“Juggle? Really? Is that what it takes to keep your attention these days?”

Lily shrugs. “I mean, it couldn’t hurt.”

“Well, I’ll work on my party tricks.”

“I appreciate it.”

They smirk at one another across the table, their mother reaching over to pat Vernon’s hand.

“Don’t worry,” she tells him reassuringly, because he’s staring between the pair of sisters like he hasn’t got a clue what’s going on. “You get used to them eventually.”

He gives her a strained smile, adjusting the collar of his shirt. “If you say so,” not sounding at all convinced.

Vernon does not like banter.

In fact, as far as Lily can tell, the only thing Vernon does like, are drills. 

He meets her eye and adjusts his collar again. Nervous habit. For some reason, he felt it was necessary to come to lunch in a button-up shirt, suit-jacket and khakis. He looks like an insurance salesman. Or a mormon. One of the two. Either way, someone Lily wouldn’t open her front door for. She has no idea how her sister is fucking him.

“So, Vernon, you were talking about work?” her mother attempts to fill the awkward silence.

Ugh.

Now Lily remembers why she was checking her phone.

“Yes,” the average looking man perks up. “We’ve gotten this new drill in and the sales are absolutely off the charts. You see, it has a feature that lets you—“

Lily doesn’t tune him out on purpose, honest. But it’s almost impossible to listen to him talk. The same way it’s almost impossible to describe what he looks like. She tried to tell Mary but words failed her. He’s so dull that he defies all language. Everything about him blurs into a beige blob of…guy. Just a guy. He should honestly consider a life of crime. No one would ever be able to identify him. 

“Wow really?”

Lily is very impressed by her mother’s ability to act as though she gives a shit about drills. Oscar worthy.

“Incredible how far technology has come isn’t?” Vernon says, and Lily has to start coughing to hide her laugh. Ah yes. The incredible advances in drills. Truly the pinnacle of human innovation.

“You alright there Lils?” Petunia asks a little pointedly. “Need some water maybe?”

“No I’m uh—I’m good. Must have just…” she searches her mind for something. “Inhaled too fast.”

“Happens,” Vernon nods solemnly, and Lily tries to convincingly agree.

He really is nice.

Honest.

No personality. No sense of humour. But definitely nice.

“If you’ll all excuse me, I just need to use the restroom,” their mother says, pushing away from the table and heading towards the back of the restaurant.

Lily watches until she disappears before deciding to take advantage of this opportunity. “Sooo, I was talking to dad the other day.”

Petunia’s face drops. “Lily—“

“He was asking about your job and the wedding, and—listen, I’m going over for dinner tomorrow and I just thinking—“

“Lily.”

“—you could come with me. Both of you,” she smiles at Vernon who looks mildly startled at being acknowledged. The thought of him and her father in the same room is incredibly amusing. At least she’d have someone to trade looks with every time Vernon started on about drill bits. “He’d really like to meet you, he was telling me—“

“LILY.”

Lily instantly snaps her mouth shut. Petunia rarely raises her voice, especially in public. Her hands have curled into fists on either side of her plate, Vernon reaching over and somehow managing to slip his fingers between her’s.

“I’m not having this conversation again,” she hisses.

“Petunia.”

“What? Literally what?”

Lily huffs, fiddling with her napkin. “It’s been two years.”

Her sister’s expression does not soften. “What’s your point Lily?”

“My point is that…” she flounders for a minute, eyes going in the direction of the washroom, making sure her mum isn’t on her way back yet. “That you can’t just never speak to him again.”

For a moment her sister just stares at her, and then, leaning forward across the table. “Lily, I don’t know if I have somehow been unclear about this, but I fully intend to never speak to him again.”

Lily feels her heart ache. “Tuny—“

“He had an affair.”

She grimaces. “I know.”

“He had an affair for years.”

“I know.”

“And every time he slunk out of the house, every time he missed something to be with—“ she cuts herself off. Shooting Vernon a look. Lily has always gotten the impression that Petunia is keeping dad from Vernon not just because she’s angry. But because she’s embarrassed. 

“Roger,” Lily says through gritted teeth. “You can say his name.”

Vernon immediately starts choking, and Petunia’s eyes narrow into slits. “Don’t be an asshole.”

Lily makes an indignant noise. “I’m not being an asshole! How is pointing out that dad has a boyf—“

“Shut-up,” Petunia cuts her off, gripping Vernon’s hand like she’s trying not to get dragged out to sea. “He lied to us. He walked out on us.”

Lily sighs. “I’m not saying he was right—“

“Then what are you saying?” Petunia snaps.

She looks at her sister, tries her best to be as honest as she can be. “I’m saying he’s still our dad.”

The man who used to let them ride around on his back and pretend he was a horse. Who went to every school concert, even when their mother couldn’t because she was working. Who learned how to bake so he could make them birthday cakes.

Okay, so maybe he was a shitty husband.

And maybe he had…secrets. 

But he was always a good dad.

And that had to count for something, right?

“No Lily,” Petunia says, snapping her back to the present. To reality. Eyes intense. “He’s your dad. I don’t even know him.”

“Tuny—“

“Mom’s coming. Drop it. Now.”

Lily closes her mouth, the three of them descending into awkward silence until their mother reaches the table. Pulling out her chair and sitting down.

“Well,” she says, smiling as her eyes bounce between the three of them “What did I miss?”

 

 

Part III Remus

 

Remus loves his mother. He loves watching soap operas with her, even when they don’t have subtitles (usually their faces are enough to tell him what’s going on). He loves baking with her, even though she’s an absolute mess and somehow always manages to get half the ingredients all over him. He loves when she tells him about all the books her book club has been reading. He loves how excited she is about his boyfriend.

He is so cute! she signs giddily, handing him back his phone. Remus smiles, looking down at the picture of Fabian before sliding it into his pocket.

He is, he agrees.

His mother reaches over, poking his side, making him squirm, before: when do I get to meet him? 

Remus rolls his eyes. It is a little soon to be bringing him to meet my parents.

She frowns. Disagree!

Of course you do. And then: maybe I’ll ask if he wants to come to Pride this year.

His mother beams at him. Yes! I love that idea! With the boys too, we’ll have such a good time!

Remus tries not to let his smile tighten. He doesn’t know how happy Sirius will be with the idea of Fabian tagging along. He’s been better recently but, Remus can tell that he still doesn’t particularly like Fabian. Whatever. He can get over himself.

It’ll be fun, he agrees.

It looks like she has more to say but something over Remus’s shoulder catches her attention. A second later Lyall appears, standing at the back of the couch. He says something but Remus doesn’t catch what. A second later his mother is nodding.

It’ll __ ready __ ten minutes maybe?   

Again, he misses his father’s reply. He can see the corner of his mouth, enough to know it’s moving, but not enough to make out the words. He resists the urge to ask his father to repeat himself. If he draws any attention to the fact that he isn’t following along he’ll just get snapped at for not wearing his hearing aids.

Okay, sure, his mother replies before returning her attention back to Remus. Want to help me set the table for dinner?

He’s surprised she’s signing, she usually tries to avoid it in front of his dad, but then, Lyall has already started heading back towards his office.

Yes, he says after a short pace. Of course, love to.

 

 

He hasn’t talked to his dad much since he got home. Just the standard how are you? how’re your classes? lots of snow, huh? The truth is, Remus doesn’t think him and his father have a whole lot in common. He knows his dad wishes he’d been into sports, it’s why he put Remus in hockey. Well, that, and he always liked it when Remus did something he considered “normal.” As far as Lyall is concerned normal kids play sports. 

Remus had not enjoyed it at all, quite frankly, nor had he been very good at it. Still, he ended up being allowed into the fancy sports school, he’s almost certain because they thought having a deaf kid would look good for them. Fill some sort of quota. Remus would be more bitter about it, except that it brought him his boys. Suffering through a few years of prepubescent sports had been well worth it, in the end. 

He stopped playing the moment he could, and to this day the only hockey games he ever watches are the Griffin’s. But it is undeniable that without hockey, his conversations with his dad have gotten a lot shorter. 

He feels a tap on his arm and looks up to find his father staring at him.

Sorry, did you say something?   

He doesn’t miss the look exchanged between his parents. They’re sat at the dinning table, half-finished plates of food in front of them.

Have you _______ about the implants? his father says, his mother growing tense.

Uh…I talked to Pomfrey, cause he did. She gave me a pamphlet. Which he shoved in a drawer somewhere in his room and hasn’t looked at since. Though in his defence, it has been a bit of a dramatic semester, all things considered.

His father looks at him for a moment, long enough that Remus starts to fidget. This is serious you know, he says finally.

I know.

It __ __ __________ opportunity ___ I ____ understand why _____ not ______ advantage __ __. ___ childish ____ frankly.

Remus blinks. His dad is speaking quickly and eating at the same time, Remus keeps losing the shapes of his words in all the motion.

I—sorry, I didn’t really catch that? he squints at him. You don’t want me to waste this opportunity? Is that…? he looks over at his mother who nods, raising her hands to sign to him when his father cuts her off.

No, see? You have to stop enabling him, his father drops his cutlery, looking at Remus with a new intensity in his eyes. This. He is quite visibly over pronouncing his words in a way that feels incredibly patronizing. Is. Why. You. Need. Implants.    

Remus stares back at him, doing his best not to get angry.

Do. You. Understand?

He grits his teeth. I understand.

His father nods, I’m setting up an appointment for you. I ____ __ get the process started.  We’ve wasted enough time.

Genuine fear sparks in Remus’s chest. Dad. I haven’t decided whether or not I want them yet.

What is there to decide?

Remus doesn’t know how to answer that question really. Not when there’s so much to say. Where does he even start?

I’m deaf, is what he decides on.

His father gives him an irritated look. Yes. I know.

No, but dad, he struggles to explain, wishes he could use his hands. I’m deaf. Me. It’s hard to know if you’re getting your point across when your point is inaccessible to you. Remus just has to hope that he has somehow managed to put the right emphasis on the right words. Said them at the right speed. In the right tone.

His father doesn’t say anything for a long time. Doesn’t start eating again either. And Remus is certain he hasn’t understood. But then: It’s a birth defect Remus. It’s not…who you are.

He gives his dad a weak smile. But it is, a little.

There’s stillness.

I don’t want that for you.

And even though it hurts, he doesn’t blame his father for that. I know you don’t.

Lyall runs a hand over his face, sitting back in his chair. You’re isolating yourself, you understand ____? ___ the older you get the more isolated you will be. That’s what I’m trying to protect you from, ____ ___, ___? If you rely on sign language to communicate with people, the amount of people you will be able to communicate with will be so small. It’s such…such a lonely life Remus. This could make it easier. This could…fix…things.

Things.

Remus, is what he means.

Fix Remus.

Maybe we should talk about something else? his mother speaks and signs at the same time, at least he assumes she does, he can see her mouth moving.

The longer we put this decision off the harder it’s going to be, his father pushes.

Both his parents are looking at him, waiting for…god, Remus doesn’t even know what. I told you, he says finally. I’m not ready.

His father makes a frustrated face, looking like he’s going to say something else but then he cuts himself off, eyes going to his wife. She must have said something but Remus missed it. Eventually, the three of them go back to eating. The tension undeniable.

 

 

Up in his bedroom Remus sits with his computer in his lap, fingers hesitating before he forces himself to start typing. A plethora of videos pop up, and somewhat hesitantly he clicks on one.

It’s a little girl, sitting on a chair in what looks like a doctor’s office. It’s filmed on a phone, shaking, home video style. When she hears her mother’s voice for the first time her face lights up. She laughs. Her mother laughs. The doctor laughs. They cry too.

He clicks on the next video.

A boy, maybe a little older, in almost the exact same position. The small device behind his ear clearly visible. The second someone speaks his eyes grow so wide Remus thinks they’re gonna fall out of his head. He’s not sure he’s ever seen joy that pure. Not in real life.

He clicks on another video. And then another. And another. There are dozens. Some put out by companies. Or hospitals. Research institutions. Some by people. Eventually Remus slams his laptop shut, shoving it off of his lap, scrubbing at his face.

He doesn’t know.

He doesn’t know.

He doesn’t know.

He pulls out his phone. He was going to call Fabian. He hasn’t told him about the implants, probably should. That’s a thing people in relationships share with one another right? Either way, he’s feeling shitty. He should call his boyfriend. Make himself feel better. Remus chews on his bottom lip for a minute before sighing and scrolling through his contacts.

He holds the phone up, waiting for the call to connect, and after a few seconds Sirius’s face appears on the screen. It looks like he’s moving.

Hey!

He smiles and everything in Remus is set at ease.

Hey.

Sirius says something else, but the camera is moving and it’s kinda dark. Remus swallows back his frustration. Ignoring the annoying voice in his head that sounds like his father. Fix. Fix. Fix.  

Sorry, Remus finally forces himself to say. Didn’t catch that?

Sirius nods. Hold on, he makes a concerted effort to have his mouth clearly in frame, Remus can tell. The phone now held at an awkward angle. Just let me ___ __ my room.

Remus waits, watching Sirius shuffle around until he’s sitting down at a desk, lamp on, phone propped up against something. Better? he signs.

Remus smiles, precariously holding his own phone up with his knees. Better. How’re you?

Something passes quickly over Sirius’s face, Remus isn’t sure what it is exactly. Okay. Could be worse. I might have ruined dinner.

Remus arches his brow. On purpose?

A bit on purpose. Actually. Maybe a lot on purpose.

It is only your first night. Might want to slow down there champ.

Sirius shrugs. What can I say? I’m an overachiever.

Remus snorts.

What about you? Sirius goes on. Everything good?

He wants to tell him. Wants to know what he thinks. Is desperate to know really. Sirius, for all his faults, has always been very good at making decisions. But Remus’s hands still just hang there uselessly.

Everything’s good, he manages finally.

Just felt like talking?

Yeah, he finds himself saying. And then: Just missed you I guess.

Sirius preens. You did?

Okay. Alright. That’s enough ego stroking.

No! More stroking!

Remus wrinkles his nose. Gross. Now you’re just making it dirty. 

Sirius laughs. If I wanted to make it dirty I’d tell you that there’s something else you can stroke. He gives Remus a wink and Remus feels his whole face heat up. It’s such a stupid cheesy line. And Sirius is only joking. But fuck does he not need that image in his head.  

Sirius.

Remus.

He rolls his eyes, hoping his blush isn’t obvious over the phone. Behave.

You’re the one talking about stroking.

It’s a phrase!

Sure. That’s what they all say.

Sirius is laughing. Remus too. He really did miss him. He always does honestly. He knows he’s not Sirius’s person. Probably barely makes his top five. But Sirius will always be his.

His person.

The one he looks for in every room.

Always.

 

 

Part IV James

 

“James,” his mum swats at his arm. “Chew with your mouth closed! Jesus, a few months surrounded by hockey players and you’ve turned into an animal.”

James grins, swallowing his food before he barks, making his father laugh.

“Stop encouraging him,” Euphemia points her fork threateningly at her husband, even though James can see her fighting back a smile. “This is not a frat house.”

“Isn’t it?” And when Euphemia’s eyes narrow. “Kidding! I was kidding!” he turns to James. “Manners kid, I know we taught them to you at some point.”

“If you say so.”

“James,” his parents say in unison, causing James to lift his arms in surrender.

“Alright, alright, I’ll keep my mouth closed, jeez.”

“Thank you,” his mother looks down at her plate, Fleamont winking at James from across the table. He does his best to stifle a laugh. 

The radio’s on in the background, Christmas carols and top forty hits coming through the tinny speakers. They put up the Christmas tree earlier today, decorated with the hodge-podge of ornaments they’ve collected over the years. A fair few of them made by James and Sirius. The thought makes James’s chest itch and he presses down on his sternum. He doesn’t know what Sirius is doing right now but he can’t imagine he’s decorating Christmas trees. The Blacks strike James as the type who have someone come in and do that for them.

“So it’s looking like it’s going to be you and Riddle in the finals this year, you excited?” his father asks between bites.

James snorts. “It’s too early to call yet dad.”

“Not that early, and just going by the stats—“

“A lot can change between now and the end of the season.”

His dad laughs. “So sensible. Where the hell did you get that from?”

“Not you, that’s for sure,” Euphemia elbows her husband who elbows her right back. James smiles. He loves his parents. Loves how happy they make one another.

“Lily is still coming to the party right?” his mother asks after a few moments.

“Yeah, course,” he says, unbothered, though he doesn’t miss the look that passes between his parents. They think he’s repressing something. Or not processing. He doesn’t know how to tell them that he just doesn’t feel like he has very much to process. He didn’t lose anything, he still has Lily, they’re still close. Maybe closer honestly, now that they have the weight of being in a relationship lifted off of them. No longer constantly worried that they’re not doing enough. Not feeling enough. Not touching enough. It’s been nice.

And then of course.

There’s Regulus.

“I just can’t believe that you two couldn’t make it work.”

James sighs. “Dad.” They’ve been over this already.

“What?” and then, when Euphemia sends him a pointed look: “What?! I’m just saying, Lily’s a keeper.”

James pokes at the food on his plate. “It just wasn’t working, I don’t know what else to tell you. We’re better as friends.”

“Really? Better as friends?”

“Monty,” now it’s his dad’s turn to get swatted. “What are you twelve? Your son is being very mature about this.”

“Too mature. Listen, James, it’s not over until it’s over. You can win her back.” He’s using his captain voice, leaning forward, ready to lay out the play. “I’m an expert on the subject.”

Euphemia scoffs. “I’m not sure I would use the word expert.”

“Hey-now! Got you back didn’t I?”

“Yes,” she grins over the top of her wine glass. “But I have very low standards.”

They’re making eyes at one another. It’s gross. It’s nice. Eventually Fleamont turns his attention back to his son.

“I’m just saying, if you need help, I’m willing to front the bill.”

“Oh so we’re teaching our son to buy people’s love now? Really?”

“Romance ain’t cheap baby,” he gives her a wink. 

James rolls his eyes. “Look, Dad,” he tries to force as much sincerity into his words as possible. “I appreciate the offer, but it really is over between us.”

Monty still doesn’t look convinced, but he holds his hands up in surrender anyway: “Fine, fine,” sitting back in his seat. “I just don’t know how you’re going to find a girl better than her, that’s all.”

“Maybe I’m not looking for a girl,” he grumbles, stabbing at his potatoes. 

His father can be a bit of a force, bulldozing through obstacles. Once he gets started it’s hard to whined him down. People say they’re alike in that way, James and Monty. It’s usually something James is proud of.

“Not right now sure,” his father goes on. “But eventually you will, and all I’m saying is Lily is going to be a hard one to top.”

James doesn’t know why he can’t leave it alone. Why he’s pushing. He’s not really thinking about it if he’s being honest.

“Or maybe I won’t.”

Euphemia’s brow creases. “What do you mean sweetheart?”

“Maybe I won’t want another girlfriend.”

There’s an awkward pause. If James wasn’t looking at his plate he’s sure he would see his parents exchanging another one of those concerned glances. He should really change the subject. Go back to a safer topic, like hockey. He’s not sure why he doesn’t. 

Eventually Fleamont lets out a long breath, some of the mirth fading from his expression. “Oh bud, listen, I know it hurts right now. But you will get over this. You’ll want—“

“Maybe I’ll want a boy.”

It just comes out.

Sounds awkward as all hell too.

He hadn’t been planning to tell them. Hadn’t been planning to say anything about it at all. But he’s never kept anything from his parents before. Never had anything he couldn’t talk to them about. He supposes he’s just not very good at it. Keeping secrets.

There’s silence for a second, James suddenly very interested in his chicken. And then his mother’s hand covers his, squeezing.

“James?” she says softly. “James darling, would you look at me?”

And he does, because he’s never had any reason to be afraid of his mother. Not in anyway. Never had any reason to doubt that she loves him. That she will always love him. He’s not—he’s not really scared. He’s just…embarrassed maybe? It feels like such a weirdly personal confessions he’s just blurted out at the dinner table. She smiles when their eyes meet. Leaning forward slightly.

“Is there a boy?” she whispers.

James can’t help but laugh, even though for some reason it makes him feel oddly choked up, and when he speaks his words tremble.

“Yeah. There’s a boy.”

His mother beams at him. And then, as soft as anything: “Oh.”

There’s the sound of a chair being pushed back from the table, and by the time James looks up his father is already out of the room. His retreating footsteps echoing after him. James blinks, not quite understanding what’s just happened. What’s just made his father leave the table like that. He’s so stupid. He’s so slow. Just staring at the empty chair.

Because it can’t be him his father is running away from.

It can’t be.

Right?

His mom squeezes his hand. “He’s just surprised,” she says, James nodding numbly. “Give him a minute.”

James does. Give him a minute that is. Gives him several in fact. Gives him hours. Which is about when the rotting feeling starts to set in.

 

 

That night is the first time he ever hears his parents fight.

 

 

He can’t quite make out the words. Muffled through walls and closed doors. But his parents are definitely fighting. And it’s his fault. His stupid fault. He didn’t think. You never do, says a voice that sounds suspiciously like Regulus.

He grabs his headphones, squeezing his eyes shut as he blasts his music so loud that he can’t think. Fills his head with noise. He never should have done it. Never should have said it. They didn’t need to know. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He brings his hands up, covering his face.

It feels like his stomach is contracting, squeezing so tight it’s painful. He tries to just breathe, because this will be okay. It will be. Him and his dad have always been close. Every game, every practice—his dad is his biggest supporter, his number one fan. This won’t change all of that, he reassures himself. It can’t. It can’t. It can’t. Fuck. He didn’t think it would matter. He knew that they would be surprised but he didn’t think it would matter. Not to his parents.

He tries to turn the volume up on his phone again, because the thoughts are somehow still managing to make themselves heard. Still sneaking through. He presses his hands to his headphones, pushing them against his ears. He doesn’t want to be able to hear the sound of his father’s chair scraping against the kitchen floor. Or his footsteps as he walked away from him. His stomach squeezes again and James wonders if maybe something is actually medically wrong with him.

A hand touches his arm and James jolts, eyes flying open to find his mother, crouched beside his bed. James slides his headphones off. The sudden silence jarring.

“Hey,” his mum says softly.

“Hey,” his voice sounds rough even to him.

“Scooch over yeah?” she gives his shoulder a light shove. James does, shuffling to the other side of the bed so that his mom can slide up next to him. They lie on their sides, facing one another.  James doesn’t know what to say. So he waits for his mom to take the lead, she’s usually pretty good at that. Eventually she reaches out, hand cupping his cheek. The touch warm and familiar.

“Tell me about him,” she says finally.

James blinks. “What?”

She smiles. “Tell me about your boy.”

Some kind of noise escapes James. He doesn’t know if it’s a laugh or a sob. “Mom—“

“Is he handsome?”

James doesn’t answer right away. Can’t really. But eventually he nods. “Yeah. More than.”

A small laugh tumbles out of his mother’s mouth. “More than handsome?”

James nods again, throat feeling scratchy. “Yeah,” he says, with as much confidence as he can mange at the moment. “He’s beautiful.”

 

 

James

hey

i know u probably wont c this

but i just wanted 2 say

i really like u

like

a lot

and i miss u

k thats it 

 

 

Regulus doesn’t reply. James wasn’t really expecting him to but somehow he’s still disappointed. He could use…well. Something. He wants to call him. Just on the off-chance that he picks up. So he can hear his voice. But he doesn’t think Regulus would like that. So instead he just stares at the message thread for a while. Scrolling back through old conversations. The few responses he’s gotten. Convincing himself that he isn’t in this alone. He doesn’t think he is. He’s pretty sure he isn’t.

There’s a knock on his bedroom door. James shoves his phone away like he’s just been caught doing something dirty. “Er—“ he coughs, clearing his throat. “Yeah?”

A second later the door opens and his dad is standing there. “Hey.”

James blinks, sitting up on his bed properly. “Hey.”

There’s an awkward moment before: “Can I come in?”

“Sure.” He doesn’t know what else to say, watching nervously as his father pulls the chair away from James’s desk and turns it towards the bed. Even after he sits down the silence continues, Fleamont looking at his hands, James fidgeting on his bed.

It doesn’t feel real. This moment. This tension. This silence. They’ve never been like this. They’ve never been delicate like this.

“When you were born,” Fleamont speaks finally, still not looking at James. “I was so scared. You were just this…this little thing. And you were so beautiful. So lovely. And it was my job to protect you,” he laughs, wiping a hand over his face. “Suddenly I looked out at the world and all I could see were tables with sharp corners, and stairs without railings, and cars going too fast,” finally Fleamont meets James’s eye. “All I have ever wanted is for you to be safe. All I have ever wanted is to protect you,” he takes a long pause between those words and the next: “But I don’t know how to protect you from this.”

James just stares at him for a moment, not understanding. “You don’t need to protect me dad I—it’s okay. It’s not—people don’t really care…” he’s nervous, he’s never been nervous to talk to his dad before. “They don’t really care anymore. I’m okay. I’m safe.”

His father gives him a pitying look. “People care, James,” and then: “Hockey cares.”

Ah.

Of course. 

James gets an unpleasant sense of dé ja vu. Sees Regulus standing angrily in the middle of his room, trying to runaway again. “The league is changing,” he manages eventually.

“No, it isn’t. I know it isn’t. I think you do too,” Fleamont sighs, leaning forward, elbows resting on his knees. “It’ll be so lonely James, having to hide who you are, who you’re dating, from your teammates. Your friends.”

James thinks about Sirius.

About Regulus.

About the unanswered text messages.

His hand comes up, absentmindedly rubbing at his chest above his heart. “I wasn’t planning to keep it a secret,” he says finally, because it’s the truth. He’s no good at hiding things. He never has been.

His father sighs. “James.”

But he only shakes his head. “I’m not ashamed.”

“I’m not asking you to be ashamed.”

“Then what are you asking me to be?”

His father gives him a long look. “Practical.”

He’s not sure why that stings. “I’m not a liar dad,” he says finally, earning him a weak smile.

“I know.”

“I’m good at this. I’m good at hockey,” he pushes on, unwilling to give up.

“I know,” his father repeats.

“When they see how I play it won’t matter, nothing else is gonna matter. Not out on that ice.”

His dad has a sad look in his eyes. “I’m sorry James, really I am, but it will. It’ll matter in the locker rooms, and the newspaper articles, and the twitter feeds,” James doesn’t have an answer for that, and after a few moments his dad goes on. “If you come out publicly you know what’ll happen?” a rhetorical question. “You’ll never make it past training camp, they’ll burry you in the minors where you’ll be forgotten, never really given the chance to play, the chance to be seen. They’ll say it’s because you aren’t good enough, because you don’t mesh well with the team, but none of that will be true.”

The pain in James’s stomach is back, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze. It isn’t nausea that he feels. It’s too sharp. Making him want to curl over and drop his head between his knees.

“This is your dream,” his dad goes on, voice so soft he’s practically whispering. James finds himself looking up, meeting his dad’s pleading gaze. “You’ve worked so hard for this, and it makes you so happy, and I’m scared. I’m scared that you could lose it all. I’m scared of what that’ll do to you. I’m scared of all the hatred I can’t protect you from. This world is so cruel and so unkind and I’m so fucking scared for you.” His father’s voice wobbles and James hates it. He wants to make it better. He doesn’t want his dad to be scared.

They sit in silence for a long time before James is able to work words back into his mouth: “You said people care, about this, about…” he doesn’t really have the right terms. Maybe he should talk to Remus. He hasn’t thought about what to call himself. He shakes his head, pushing on. “But do you care?” forcing himself not to look away. “Do you care?”

He watches his father’s expression crack. “James,” he exhales, “I—“ but his voice cuts out. James’s hand goes to his stomach. Squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. “I love you,” his father manages finally.

Fuck.

“But do you care?”

God his stomach really hurts. Nearly unbearable.

Fleamont looks down at his hands again. “It’s—I don’t…understand it.” James tries and fails not to flinch. “I’ve never not understood you before.”

James is nodding even though he doesn’t really know why. “Okay. That’s. Yeah, okay.”

His father looks up again, pained expression on his face. “I do love you. So much. You need to know that, okay?”

James just keeps nodding. “Okay.”

After several more moments of neither of them saying anything Fleamont gets up. Walking over and squeezing James’s shoulder. It feels for a second like maybe there’s going to be more, but in the end his dad just sighs, walking out of the room.

James stares at the empty chair across from him for a long time. 

 

 
Notes:

    **French** "You're early" and "Hi mom, Merry Christmas"

    OKAY okay okay okayokayokayokayokayokayokay

    so NEXT chapter is part ii which is when we're gonna get the like sloppy messy gossip girl drama, this is like the food chapter, everyone is eating dinner the whole time i don't know how that happened it just did (they were hungry i guess?????), BUT next chapter is the kissing chapter, maybe too much kissing honestly but so far i don't want to cut any of it so it's staying, do with that information what you will

    ANYWAY, Fleamont really letting the side down huh? but it's just, like, ugh, i know him? like Fleamont is my uncles, and this is exactly how they react, like, y'know, "love you, but i don't get it" ANYWAY there's gonna be a whole thing with him next chapter and it's going to be really satisfying i think

    also moms for the win, Euphemia and Hope really holding it down (wow totally forgot Walburga even existed OH well, she doesn't count)

    that's it, that's all i got, those are all the words left in my brain!!!!!

    OH OH OH NO WAIT

    this is for the hockey people, if you're not a hockey people keep scrolling or whatever

    okay guys listen, i know what you're thinking "soph, surely if these dudes are the best hockey players in college they would be at the world juniors and not at home during christmas" AND yes. they would be (probably??? i feel like the answer is yes, tbh i just watch it i don't organize it). but narratively that would have been super boring. so in the kyd universe the world juniors simply do not exist. (you're welcome americans, in this universe you get to not lose like the losing losers you are, i'm kidding, i'm kidding, i mean it's a fact but i'm KIDDING)

Chapter 17: Part II The Party
Summary:

    If I could turn back time. . .

Notes:

    tw Drinking maybe?
    tw accidental outing

    I think that's it?

    ALSO refresher: Stanley Cup - that's the big shinny toy the bestest hockey team wins and then eats and drinks various foods out of for several weeks :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Sirius

“Jesus, Sirius! Wait until the car stops would you?” Regulus shouts as Sirius throws the door open of the still, very much moving, taxi.

James is already coming down the front steps, like he was waiting by the window. If he was a dog he’d be wagging his tail and barking. But then, so would Sirius. It’s got to be below zero but James is only in a t-shirt, the pair colliding in the middle of the lawn.

“Hey dick face.”

“Asshole.”

“Slut.”

That makes Sirius laugh, squeezing James tighter. It hasn’t even been a week since they last saw one another, but it doesn’t matter. Sirius has still missed him. Missed being here. The Potter’s is his real home. His real family. And he’s felt it, every second he hasn’t been with them. Like a thorn in his side. Harder to ignore every day. 

“You okay?” James asks quietly.

“Yeah,” and then, clearing his throat. “Yeah, it hasn’t been that bad honestly.” He pulls back, hands on James’s shoulders. Which is the first time he gets a proper look at him. “Woah, hey, are you—“

“Reg, hi!” James interrupts him, a tense smile on his face as he steps out of Sirius’s reach.

Regulus has stopped a few feet in front of them, he’s wearing one of Sirius’s old bomber jackets. It’s a bit big, the sleeves slipping over his hands. Sirius was gonna get rid of it but then Regulus asked if he could have it.

“Hi,” he looks painfully uncomfortable. Actually, him and James both do. Sirius’s eyes bounce between his best friend and his brother. They’ve been weird around one another all semester.

“I’m glad you—uh—glad you came,” James offers, rubbing at the back of his neck. Regulus only nods, not really making eye contact.

Sirius would be giving them shit for being weird, if he weren’t distracted by how tired James looks. By the tension he’s holding in his shoulders. The delicate way his mouth is cradling his smile. Alarm bells are ringing in Sirius’s ears.

“Well, we should head inside yeah?” James turns back to Sirius, the cheer in his voice clearly forced. “Remus and Pete are already here, and we probably have—uh—maybe an hour before everyone else starts showing up?”

Sirius wants to ask him what’s wrong. Desperately. But he can’t, not with Regulus right there. So all he does is nod. “Yeah, okay, sounds good.”

Regulus attaches himself to Sirius’s side as they head towards the house. His brother has never been particularly good with new things—people, places—they make him retreat. Sirius gives him a light nudge with his elbow.

“It’ll be fun,” he says quietly. “I promise.”

Regulus just nods.

The second they walk through the front door Sirius feels himself relax, a smile spreading across his face as the smells of turkey and potatoes waft towards him. The house is warm, Christmas carols in the background, someone laughing in the kitchen—Sirius is pretty sure it’s Peter.

“You can just throw your stuff wherever,” James calls over his shoulder, kicking his own shoes off and heading for the kitchen.

Both Regulus and Sirius carefully remove their boots, tucking their laces inside and neatly put them against the wall. Hanging their jackets on the hooks by the door. Sirius hates it. Hates how ingrained it is. How he can’t help but follow his mother’s rules even now, after all this time. Even here.

“C’mon,” he says to Regulus, but his brother hesitates, bringing Sirius up short. “What is it?” and when he doesn’t get an answer. “You know it’s only the guys here, right? You’ve met them all before. No strangers yet.” He tries to smile reassuringly.

Regulus grimaces. “Sorry.” He looks so stiff and uncomfortable, standing there in the front hall with his arms held rigidly at his sides.

“You don’t have to be sorry,” Sirius steps back towards him.

“I—I think I should go,” Regulus says quickly, spitting the words out. “I don’t want you to feel like you have to babysit me all night.”

Sirius blinks, frowning slightly. “I don’t feel like that,” and then, with a small smile: “Besides, you’re usually the one babysitting me.”

There’s a flicker in the corner of Regulus’s mouth that gives Sirius hope. He reaches out and ruffles Regulus’s hair, causing his younger brother to splutter and shove him off.

“C’mon,” Sirius says again, laughing. “Don’t overthink this. I want you here. They want you here.”

Regulus bites down on his lower lip, eyeing the kitchen doorway with apprehension.

“Is this about…” Sirius waves his hand vaguely in the air, looking for the words. “Whatever was going on with you and James at the beginning of the semester?”

Regulus’s eyes grow so wide Sirius can practically see his reflection in them. “W-what?”

“You know, you said you two were like, fighting or something? You didn’t want to go to the bar with us?”

For a moment Regulus continues to just stare at him, and then, slowly, he exhales. “No,” he manages finally. “No, we’re. . .fine.”

Sirius smiles, squeezing Regulus’s shoulder. “Good, then lets go,” and thankfully, this time Regulus moves.

“Sirius!” Euphemia Potter throws her arms up in excitement when he walks into the kitchen, splattering whatever she’d been mixing across the cabinets behind her.

“Mom!” James laughs. “Seriously? You’re officially off baking duty,” he takes the spatula from her, shooting Sirius an exasperated look. He hardly has time to return it before Euphemia is walking around the counter and wrapping him in her arms.

“Hello my sweet,” she says, kissing his temple before pulling away. “It’s so lovely to see you, Joyeux Noël.”

Sirius feels his heart wobble, overcome by her warmth. “Joyeux Noël,” he whispers back.

She smiles at him, kissing his forehead like she can’t help it, before moving on to Regulus.

“Hello Regulus, it’s wonderful to see you again. I was so excited when James told me you were coming.”

Regulus shifts his weight awkwardly between his feet, eyes darting to James and then back to his mother, like this is some kind of test.

“Thank you for having me m’am,” he says finally, sounding like a cardboard-cut-out of a person.

“Oh just call me Effie darling, please.”

Sirius barely stops himself from laughing. He has a feeling that absolutely will not be happening.

“Well, come, come you two,” she herds them towards the counter with everyone else. “We’re just finishing decorating the last of the cookies.”

Sirius’s heart stutters as he fits himself next to Remus. The counter is crowded with all of them around it, and it’s possible that Sirius takes advantage of that, pressing himself into Remus a bit more than he needs to.

“Hey Sirius,” Peter nods at him, from the other side. “Break been alright?”

Sirius feels his chest squeeze but he smiles anyway. “Yeah, been alright. Missed you idiots though.”

“Of course you did, we’re excellent!” James grins, still mixing the icing he took from his mother, a spot of it is on his nose but Sirius decides he will not be telling him about it.

“And modest too,” he quips back.

“Only one of my many virtues.”

Sirius snorts, looking down at the cookies in front of him, and then over at Remus who is currently concentrating on giving his gingerbread man a pair of pants. After a second he nudges him, trying to get his attention. Always trying to get his attention. Look at me, look at me, look at me.

He does, look at Sirius that is, cheeks flushed, probably from the heat of the kitchen. There’s a second before Sirius remembers that he should probably say something.

“Hi.”

Remus smiles. “Hi.”

He was talking to him on the phone only two days ago. There’s no reason for the longing in his chest. For the feeling of homecoming. For the desperate need to pick Remus up and carry him away and keep him all to himself.

“Uh…you guys okay?”

Sirius blinks, turning to Peter. “What?”

James and Regulus are also looking at him, Euphemia, thankfully, has disappeared. Upstairs probably, getting ready.

“You guys were just…staring at each other,” Peter waves his half decorated cookie between them. “It was weird.”

“Uh…” Sirius does not blush often, but he suddenly feels caught.

“It’s been a while since I’ve seen him,” Remus interrupts, and when Sirius looks over at him he’s calm as anything. “I’d forgotten how stupid his face looks in person.”

Peter and James both start laughing.

“Would’ve thought it’d take more than a few days to forget that,” James giggles, earning him a glare from Sirius.

Remus only shrugs. “I must have blocked it out.” He turns back to his decorating but a second later Sirius feels the small nudge of an elbow, and looking over he catches Remus’s eye. The other boy winking at him.

Fuck.

He’s so fucked.

This is all so fucked.

“Hey! Asshole!” James waves his hand in Sirius’s direction. “Get decorating! We have like a hundred of these.”

“Twenty.”

James blinks, looking at Regulus who is staring very determinedly down at the cookie in his hands instead of at the rest of them.

“There’s twenty of them,” he repeats, after a second.

“Nineteen actually,” Sirius says. Which gets Regulus to look up. If there’s one thing his brother hates, it’s being wrong. Sirius grins triumphantly at him.

“What?” Regulus asks, eyes scanning the counter again. “No, there’s—“ he cuts himself off as Sirius reaches out, picks up a cookie, and bites its head off. Peter laughs, Regulus rolls his eyes.

“Child,” his brother mutters under his breath.

Sirius swallows before sticking his tongue out at him, because he’s a gentleman.

 

 

The five of them actually do manage to get the cookies decorated—sprinkles and icing and sticky fingers everywhere. Talking about hockey. About the break. About the cat Peter’s parents have replaced him with.

“They even call it Pete!” he whines.

“Your parents named their cat after you?” Remus asks.

Looking mutinously down at his cookie. “They said it suited him.” Sirius quickly signs that for Remus so that he doesn’t miss a word of it.

“Well,” Remus says, after a moment, biting on his lower lip, trying not to smile. “I’m sure they don’t love the cat more than you Peter.”

“I dunno about that. They gave him my room.”

James laughs so hard he falls off his chair.

They’re washing up when Effie comes back in, sparkling red gown and all. “Oh look at these,” she says, peering at the trays of cookies. “Absolutely beautiful! Well done boys,” she gives Sirius a little pat on the head that has him preening and Regulus rolling his eyes. “James? When you're done washing those bowls, can you just grab the wine from the cellar?” 

“Yup,” James says, turning off the tap and drying his hands on the towel underneath the sink.

Which is when it finally hits Sirius that someone is missing.

“Hey, where’s Monty?” he asks, looking around. “He’s usually half-way through the eggnog and belting out Jingle-bells by now?” his smile fades when he notices the way James has frozen. The silence lasting for just a second before Euphemia jumps in.

“He had to work late tonight,” a flickering smile. “But he’ll be around later.”

Sirius frowns.

“Well, er,” James coughs, clearing his throat. “Better get that wine.” Sirius doesn’t miss the look Euphemia gives her son as she watches him leave the room.

He’s about to say something when the doorbell rings.

“Oooh,” Effie’s concerned expression is quickly replaced by excitement, if only a little forced. “Our first guest! If you'll excuse me boys, we gave the butler the night off,” she winks at them as she heads out of the room, Sirius still staring at the spot where James had last been.

So…something’s up with Fleamont? It’s hard for him to imagine that. The Potters aren’t a normal family. They don’t fight. Sirius is almost positive James has never been punished in his life. And him and Fleamont are . . . close. Sirius has always been jealous of them honestly. They’re perfect, exactly what a father and son should be. Complete with games of catch and philosophical life lessons. 

His thoughts are interrupted by Remus leaning around him to look at his brother. “Hello Regulus.”

Regulus jumps. To be fair, Remus is speaking a bit loudly, Sirius is just used to it at this point.

“Hello,” Regulus says warily.

Remus smiles at him. Sirius has seen that smile before. He’s seen all of Remus’s smiles he’s pretty sure, has them all filed away in his head somewhere. This one though? This one means danger. He looks at his brother now, brow arched, giving him his best what-did-you-do? face. Regulus swallows.

“Did you know,” Remus goes on. “Your brother thought we were fucking back in September?”

Sirius instantly starts to choke.

“W-what?” Regulus stutters. “You what?” he looks at Sirius who is struggling too much to manage any kind of coherent answer. This is really not where he thought this conversation was going.

“Yeah, I thought it was odd too. But it seems Nick told him about our little encounter outside the library and he got the wrong idea.” There is something unmistakably sharp in Remus’s eyes.

“Oh,” Regulus says, shrinking a bit.

“Wait,” Sirius finally manages to get his voice working again, eyes darting between the pair of them. “Something happened at the library?”

“I don’t know. Regulus? Did something happen at the library?”

Remus would honestly make an excellent mum. He has the passive-aggressive thing down pat.

Regulus squirms in his seat like someone’s just lit a fire under it. “Listen, Remus I—“

“Remus!” Euphemia interrupts as she comes back into the kitchen, reaching for Remus’s shoulder to get his attention. “Look who I found!” she gestures behind her just as Fabian steps into the room, and Sirius feels his entire heart drop into his stomach.

“Hey!” Remus’s face lights up as he instantly gets out of his chair, throwing his arms around his boyfriend. “I thought you weren’t coming until later?”

Fabian shrugs, face all pink. “Less traffic than I thought.”

Remus is beaming and Sirius has to look away.

He’s going to need something stronger than wine.

 

 

Luckily,

James appears to be on the same page.

He returns upstairs sometime later, his mother’s wine in one hand, and a bottle of whiskey in the other. Sirius nearly swoons.

“You’re my hero you know that?” he says, already pulling glasses out of the cupboard. A few more people have arrived—neighbours, friends of James’s parents—Euphemia is off hostessing up a storm, Fabian and Remus cuddling on the sofa in the other room. Sirius needs to be drunk. Sirius needed to be drunk like ten minutes ago.

“Want some?” James waves the bottle at Regulus who is still sitting in his chair unmoved. Back ramrod straight, watching the door like he’s preparing to be attacked.

“No,” he says, and then, a little awkwardly; “thank you though.”

James’s eyes linger on him for a moment longer before turning to Peter. “Pete?”

“Go on then,” Peter joins them at the counter, where James gives them each a generous pour.

“What, just straight?” Peter wrinkles his nose as he brings the glass up to his face and sniffs it.

“There’s ginger ale in the fridge if you want it,” James says, looking at Sirius and raising his drink. “Bottoms up?”

Sirius grins. “Lets get shit faced!”

James laughs as they clink their glasses, the whiskey burning the second it hits the back of Sirius’s throat. It’s not a shot, but he takes it like one. And James seems to have the same idea because they both drain their glasses, slamming them back down on the counter when they’re done, smug looks on their faces.

“I’m not holding your hair back if you start throwing up,” Regulus says, eyeing them both warily.

“What he said,” Peter nods towards Regulus as he takes his seat, sipping on his own drink.

Sirius just rolls his eyes. “No need to worry,” he holds up his wrist, showing off his collection of hair-ties. “That’s what these are for.”

Regulus only shakes his head, looking away. There’s a large doorway connecting the living room and the kitchen. Sirius can just see the edge of the sofa. Remus’s arm. His hair. His feet—tangled with someone else’s. He immediately turns back to James.

“Another?”

James’s eyes widen slightly in surprise. “I—“

“EYYYY!”

They all turn around to see Marlene standing in the kitchen doorway, arms thrown wide open, a bottle of vodka in one hand.

“Damn McKinnon,” Sirius wolf-whistles as she comes further into the room and does a little twirl. “Looking good.” She’s wearing a wide brimmed black hat, suspenders, and a bolo tie.  “I’m gonna be stealing this from you I hope you know,” he reaches for the tie but she smacks his hand away.

“In your dreams Black,” and then, with a devilish smirk. “Besides, you couldn’t pull it off.”

He gasps, dramatically clutching his chest as she walks past him to give James a hug and put her alcohol down.

“Good to see you Marls,” James says, as he lets her go.

“You too—now,” rubbing her palms together and looking around the kitchen. “Mix?”

“In the fridge.”

“Peter!” she beams at him, reaching over and ruffling his hair, “Didn’t see you there,” her eyes finding Regulus. “Oh shit. Didn’t see you either baby Black.”

Regulus just stares blankly back at her, but Marlene doesn’t seem to mind. She’s always been quite adept at carrying on one-sided conversations.

“It still freaks me out how much you two look alike,” she waves her hand between the brothers. Squinting at Regulus, head tilted to the side like she’s looking at a painting in an art gallery. “He’s kinda like scary Sirius.”

Peter starts to laugh, holding his hand up to stop the whiskey from shooting out of his nose. “Oh god, you’re right!”

Marlene smiles, thumbs hooking into her suspenders. “Uncanny isn’t it?”

“Excuse me,” Regulus speaks for the first time, stiff and cold. Nothing like himself really, though Sirius doesn’t expect many people know that. “I’m gonna find the bathroom.”

“Reg,” Sirius says softly. “C’mon, it was just a joke.”

But his brother doesn’t look at him. “I’ll be back.”

“Oh no, wait, I’m sorry I didn’t—“ Marlene tries, but it’s too late, Regulus is already out of the room. She whips around, guilty look on her face. “Shit Sirius, I’m so sorry, I wasn’t thinking—I didn’t mean for it to sound like that.”

He gives her a weak smile. “I know, don’t stress about it.”

“I mean,” comes a sharp voice from behind him. “How exactly did you think he was going to take that?” James is leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest, glaring at Marlene.

“Uh—“ she stutters, sending Sirius a confused look, but he’s just as baffled by this reaction as her. “You’re right, totally. It was a stupid thing to say.”

“Couldn’t you tell he already felt uncomfortable?”

“James,” Sirius says calmly, still not entirely sure what’s going on here. “I appreciate you looking out for him, but it’s really okay. She was just playing around.”

“She made him feel like shit.”

“Damn James,” Peter murmurs. “Bit much don’t you think? It was only a joke.”

“I’m just saying, he—“

“James!” Euphemia calls out from the other room, interrupting the escalating conversation. “Come say hi to Anthea! She can’t stay long.”

James pulls away from the counter, not really looking at any of them. “Excuse me,” he mutters under his breath, walking around Sirius and towards his mum.

The kitchen is silent for a moment before Peter lets out a low whistle. “Wow, what the hell has gotten into him?”

Sirius shakes his head, watching his best friend in the other room, smiling and hugging some middle-aged woman he doesn’t recognize. “No idea.”

“I really didn’t mean to make Regulus uncomfortable,” Marlene says from beside him. “I swear. You know my mouth, sometimes it just…” she flaps her hands around.

Sirius gives her an affectionate nudge. “I know Marls. For what it’s worth, I don’t think that,” he nods towards James, “was about you. Something’s been up all night.”

For a second they all watch James, like they’re waiting for him to turn around and wink at them. Let them all know it was only a joke. That nothing’s wrong. Shockingly. That doesn’t happen. 

“Well,” Marlene sighs eventually. “Now that I’ve effectively ruined the mood, I’m gonna grab my drinks and go find my girlfriend.”

“Dorcas is here?” Peter perks up. “I need to ask her about that international relations final.”

Marlene nods while pouring an obscene amount of vodka into two cups. “She was talking to Remus and Fabian when I left her. Speaking of which,” she heads over to the fridge, pulling out the orange juice. “How cute are they, huh?”

“Uh,” Peter starts, Sirius can feel Peter looking at him but he refuses to make eye contact. “Yeah, yeah Fabian’s cool.”

“Honestly, they’re perfect together. And I think Remus is really happy you know?” kicking the fridge closed. “Like he just seems really smiley these days. It’s good to see him finally date someone.”

“It…is…nice,” Peter sounds like he has a gun to his head, but if Marlene notices she doesn’t show it. 

“Well gents,” picking up her glasses. “I’ll see you around, yeah?”

“Yeah,” Sirius manages as she brushes past him, leaving the kitchen in yet another tense silence. The noise from the other room envelopes them—dozens of conversations, music, the door opening and closing.

“So,” Peter starts. But Sirius isn’t in the mood.

“I’m gonna get some fresh air.”

He thinks he hears Peter huff as he walks away. “Well, alright then.”

 

 

Usually, he wouldn’t risk smoking at the Potter’s. All three of them will give him grief for it if they catch him, but he's making an exception tonight. He leans back against the front of the house, he didn’t bother putting his coat on so it’s work to keep his teeth from chattering and chopping the cigarette in half.

Clearly he hasn’t had enough whiskey.

He inhales, letting the warm smoke fill him up, tilting his head back and listening to the distant, muffled noises coming from inside. He should probably go find Regulus. Make sure he’s okay. Though he’s not sure Marlene really said anything worth getting upset over. And she was joking. She hasn’t got a malicious bone in her body.

The bright glare of headlights distract him from his train of thought, as a car pulls into the front drive. Maybe he did have enough whiskey after all, because it takes his brain far too long to realize who, of course, the car must belong to.

“Now, I might be wrong,” Monty says as he climbs the front steps. “But I’m pretty sure those things are bad for your lungs. Which, as an athlete, you need.”

He stops in front of Sirius who looks at the cigarette in his hand like he’s never seen it before.

“What! Oh my god! Where did that come from?”

Monty only gives him a tired smile, coming to lean on the wall beside him. “Tell you what kid. I won’t snitch on you, if you don’t tell Effie I had one too?”

Sirius’s eyes get so big he’s honestly surprised they don’t fall out of his head. “Really? I mean—yeah, yeah, sure. Cool.”

Monty snorts. “Cool.” Pulling out his own pack. Sirius brings his free hand up to his face, rubbing at his eyes. He honestly feels like he’s hallucinating right now.

“You got a light? Left mine in the car.”

There’s a delay before Sirius’s brain starts re-firing again. “Oh—yeah. Right. Totally.” He practically drops his lighter as he fumbles to get it out of his back pocket, holding it out to Monty.

“Thanks,” he watches him light his cigarette, watches him inhale and then, slowly, exhale. There is just something about smoking that is so-not-Monty, that Sirius can’t quite wrap his head around it.

The older man looks at him out of the corner of his eye. “Before you get any ideas, I quit these things years ago.”

“Looks like it,” Sirius can’t stop himself from saying, luckily, Monty just laughs. Coughing a little as he does.

“Yeah well,” he sounds suddenly very, very tired. “It’s been a stressful few days.”

Sirius wants to push, but he doesn’t. For once in his life he shuts his mouth and waits. The silence stretches on long enough that he starts to think maybe Monty really is just going to leave it at that. But then:

“What are we going to do with him Sirius?” he mutters, looking out at the dark street in front of them. 

Which makes exactly zero sense to Sirius.

“James?”

“He’s naive, that’s my fault maybe, I don’t know. I’ve protected him too much. But god, it scares me how much that kid isn’t ready for what’s coming. What’s waiting for him.” Monty brings the cigarette back to his mouth, inhaling. Sirius is well and truly lost at this point, but he’s worried if he says so, it’ll stop Monty talking. Luckily, the older man doesn’t seem to be expecting much participation.

"Effie is mad at me, you know? But she doesn’t understand. Not like us. She doesn’t understand what it’s really like, when the cameras are off and the reporters are out of the room,” exhale, smoke drifting into the night. “And even if she did, she doesn’t understand team you know?” he looks at Sirius then. “You’re not just a player. You’re part of something bigger. You need the boys to love you.”

Sirius nods. Because yes, yeah, of course. He does know all of that. Stanley cups aren’t won by star players, not really. They’re won by teams. You have to work together. To trust each other. To know each other.

“The boys love James,” Sirius says finally, still not understanding where this is coming from. “He’s a fucking great captain—excuse my language.”

“I know,” rubbing his hand across his chin. “I know he is. He has a chance here, to really make it. And we need to make sure that he—he doesn’t give that up without realizing it.”

Give it up? James is the most commitment person Sirius has ever met. “Monty—“

“I know why he wants to—to come out,” the words sound awkward in his mouth, so much so, that at first Sirius doesn’t recognize them at all. “Really I do, but I don’t think he fully understands what it means,” he turns to Sirius properly now. “We have to protect him.”

Sirius just stares at the man next to him. His thoughts moving incredibly fast and incredibly slow, all at the same time. “James wants to come out?” he manages finally, still not really processing what he’s saying.

“He said he didn’t want to keep it a secret so, I assume so,” Monty looks back out at the lawn. “God,” running a hand over his face. “It’s such a hard life. I never wanted that for him. I never wanted him to have to…to deal with this.”

Sirius is still reeling. So. So James is . . . gay? And he…he came out to his parents? But not to Sirius? And what about Lily? He knows that wasn’t just for show. He knows. He saw them together, saw James pining after her, had to listen to him bitch about it for ages. So okay. Not gay. Gay-ish. But why wouldn’t he tell Sirius?

“You’re on my side then?” Monty says finally, pulling Sirius out of his thoughts.

“Your side?” he repeats numbly.

“We can’t let him do this. Can’t let him,” Monty gestures with the cigarette in his hand. “Risk his future.”

“Risk his future,” Sirius once again repeats. “By…being gay?”

Monty gives him a pleading look. “Come on Sirius, you know what I mean.”

And Sirius wishes he could say that he didn’t. But he does. Of course he does.

“What do you want him to do? Be someone else? James can’t hide shit Monty, you know that.” Though he’s not sure how true that really is, considering James did a pretty good job of hiding this from him.

The older man exhales, dropping his head back against the house behind them. “I know,” like it pains him. “God I just wish…”

Neither of them need him to finish that sentence.

After a long moment Monty sighs. “It’s your dream you know?” and fuck does it sound like his heart is breaking. “I’ve watched the two of you work so hard for this. Hockey is your life and I—I don’t want him to lose that.”

Which is all true.

And yet.

“How long do you think we get to play for?” Sirius asks finally. “I mean realistically? Ten years? Fifteen?” he shakes his head. “Hockey isn’t my life Monty, hockey is a sport. James? James is my life. And if he wants to do this then I’m backing him up, every step of the way.”

“Sirius—“

“I had him before the NHL, and I’ll have him after. If that means I have to choose between James and playing pro I will choose him every time. Every fucking time,” there’s no question, no morsel of doubts. “I don’t want any part in anything that doesn’t want him.” 

Monty’s face is full of cracks, eyes wet in the moonlight. “You’re a good friend.”

But Sirius isn’t having that. This isn’t a sacrifice. Not really. Not when it comes down to it. Even if it would hurt. “James is my life Monty,” he repeats, holding the older man’s gaze, making sure he understands how true that is. “You think a Stanley Cup means shit next to that?”

Monty opens his mouth and then closes it several times, but the silence persists. Eventually Sirius throws his cigarette on the ground, stomping it out with his foot and heading for the door. He pauses, with his hand on the handle.

“I respect you Monty, really I do,” he says, looking back. “I love you too. You and Effie, you’re the best people I know,” he bites on his lower lip, fighting his frustration and his anger and his sadness. “But you’re letting him down this time,” he finally manages. “And if it matters? You’re letting me down too.”

 

 

He cuts through the crowd inside, the heat hitting him like a wall the second he steps through the door. He just needs to see him. He just needs to—

“Hey?” James says, clearly surprised when Sirius throws himself at him, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close. “Hey,” he says again. “What’s happened? What’s going on?”

But Sirius only holds him tighter, not caring that he’s acting like a lunatic. “I love you, you know that, right?”

“Yeah, of course,” sounding completely baffled. “I love you too.”

Sirius nods. “Good. Good. Just know that . . . that nothing will ever change that okay? Nothing. It’s you and me. Against the world. Always.”

“Sirius what’s going on?”

“I just need you to know that okay?” he finally pulls back, but just enough that he can see James’s face. “So you know, right? You know?”

James’s eyes search his face, looking for answers, likely not finding them. But after a second, he nods. “You and me.”

And feeling overwhelmed Sirius leans forward, pressing their foreheads together. “Okay,” he exhales. “Okay good.”

 

 

Part II Evan

He wasn’t supposed to come to the Potter’s. It’s a two and a half hour drive, and while James did tell him he was free to stay over, it seemed like a lot of hassle. Of course, that was before he got home. Before he spent several days in that basement, always seeing Barty on the couch. Or in his bedroom, where he could feel him on his chest. For the first time in months they were in the same place again. Evan hadn’t thought it would matter. But it did. Every time he left the house he wondered if he would run into Barty, sometimes he even caught himself walking to the places he knew Barty might be.

Eventually, he texted him. Shouldn’t have. But he couldn’t help it. It had been two in the morning and he’d been lying awake in his bed fighting the urge to just get up and drive over to Barty’s house. Throw rocks at his window like some kind of discount Romeo. So he’d settled for texting.

 

Evan

hey

 

Not exactly poetry.

Barty, of course, didn’t respond. Which is good. They have to stop doing this—stop doing whatever this back and forth thing is. It’s not healthy for either of them. Evan said he was out, he walked away, he needs to stick to that, he needs to be stronger. If anyone is sending mixed signals here it’s him, and he knows it. So it’s good that Barty didn’t reply.

Except that it also makes him want to tear himself into tiny little pieces. So he’d gotten in his car and driven for two and a half hours. Only to park on the street outside of the Potter’s house and stare at his phone.

He’s not sure if that’s progress or not.

“Howdy stranger.”

“Fuck!” Evan starts as someone slides into the seat next to him.

“You know, you should really lock your doors farm boy,” Cerci says with a smile, clearly taking pleasure in having just scared the living daylights out of him. “You’re in the big bad city now.”

Evan, who still has one hand clutching his heart, lets out a breathy laugh. “I’ll keep that in mind.”

“Good,” and then: “I didn’t think you were coming?”

“No, I—uh—I wasn’t but then…” I started losing it. Making up fantasies in my head. Thinking maybe he wanted me. Thinking maybe none of it mattered. Maybe we could just pretend again. “I…changed my mind,” he finishes lamely. 

There’s a short pause during which Cerci just stares at him, and then at the phone clutched in his hand. “Something happen with the pouty hockey player?”

He almost chokes. “No. No. Why would you—cause he—there isn’t anything—“ he stops himself, exhaling and looking down at his hands. Eventually he lets out a pitiful laugh. “I can’t believe you call him that.” 

“It suits him. Now tell me what he did? Another picture with that girl?”

Evan huffs, adjusting himself in his seat. “No.”

“Another picture with a different girl?” she lets out a low whistle. “Wow, pouty hockey player boy really gets around.”

He laughs again. “No, no girls. No pictures. Just…” he shakes his head, exhaling. It’s starting to snow outside, small snowflakes drifting down onto the windshield. “It was just harder than I thought it would be,” he says finally. “Being back home and not being able to…see him.”

He swallows. Even now he wants to press down on the gas and drive back. Drive right up to Barty’s house and take him away. The thing is though, the thing he is learning, painfully and slowly, is that you cannot love people in parts. You have to love them as they are, love them in their entirety, and he’s not sure him and Barty have ever been able to do that. To love more than just the bits of themselves they revealed in basements, and backyards, and childhood bedrooms. He’s not sure either of them have ever been brave enough to love each other whole. 

He feels Cerci’s hand wrap around his arm, squeezing, and he looks down at it. “Lets go inside huh?” her hands are small, covered in rings, the red nail polish chipping off the ends. “Get your mind off of it? Have some fun?”

Evan huffs. “Yeah,” he says, staring at his phone for a second longer before finally sliding it into his pocket. “Fun sounds good.”

Cerci beams at him. “Excellent.”

“You know,” he says as they get out of the car and start walking towards the front door. “I didn’t think you and Potter were close?”

“Me and James? Oh we’re not,” she says easily, skipping slightly ahead of him, snow already caught in her hair. “But he found out I live in the city and told me I should come,” she turns back to him, the music and voices from inside drifting towards them. “I get the feeling James invited most of campus to this party.”

“Yeah,” he murmurs, meeting her on the porch, the windows crowded with silhouettes. “Yeah me too.”

It’s packed inside, and hot, twinkling Christmas lights and garlands strung up everywhere, Wham! blasting over the speakers. Cerci and Evan both pause by the front door, unsure where to go next.

“And this is his parents’ Christmas party?” Evan asks. Usually, when his parents have a “party” it involves having a few of their friends over for dinner and a game of Monopoly after dessert, not . . . this.

“Apparently,” she takes his hand then, slipping her fingers between his, Evan feels his heart flutter but Cerci isn’t even looking at him, eyes scanning the crowd. “C’mon,” she says, giving him a little tug. “Lets go find Reg.”

“Uh—yeah—yeah okay, cool.”

The Potter’s house is big, but even still it’s difficult to maneuver their way around. Evan sees a few people he knows from school, from the team—he waves, nods his head. Remus and his boyfriend are on the couch with a pair of girls Evan vaguely recognizes. Peter talking to some man in a suit by the fireplace. Evan's stomach squirms at the sight of him.

He’s been avoiding Peter since the night at the bar—at least the best he can. He’s not really angry, not like Reg, but something more…complicated. Like fear and embarrassment all rolled up into one. Evan’s always known he isn’t quite as strong as people think he is. But Peter is the first person who’s ever proved it.

“Can you spot him?” Cerci asks, pulling Evan out of his thoughts. She stops in the large doorway to the kitchen.

“Sorry?” he blinks.

She gives him a curious look. “Regulus? Can you see him?”

“Oh right,” eyes doing a quick sweep of the room. “No, I don’t think so. You’re sure he’s here?”

“Yeah, he texted me when he left his parents,” she squints at the people in front of her, like if she concentrates hard enough Regulus will just appear.

“Maybe—“

“ROSY!”

He’s interrupted by a very loud, and by the looks of it, very drunk, Sirius Black. Who is currently leaning on an almost equally drunk James Potter.

“Hey guys,” he goes to pull his hand out of Cerci’s grip but she makes an unhappy noise and squeezes tighter. He tries not to blush. 

“Y’all are stuck now, aren’t they James?”

“I do believe you’re correct Sirius.”

Evan’s face scrunches in confusion. “Stuck?” he repeats, before looking down at Cerci who only shrugs.

“Roooossssyyyyyyyy,” Sirius drags out his name, shaking his head like a disappointed parent. “What’s the number one rule of Christmas parties?”

“Er…” rubbing at the back of his neck with his free hand. “Didn’t know Christmas parties had rules?” he wonders whether or not he’ll be able to convince his two very intoxicated teammates to drink some water.

“The number one Christmas party rule is—“

“Well actually,” James interrupts, earning him an annoyed look from Sirius. “The number one rule, is don’t drink the eggnog.”

Sirius snaps his fingers at him. “True, that’s very true,” both of them nodding solemnly at each other.

“Should have seen Remus last year,” Sirius says to Evan, expression gravely serious.

“Turned green, didn’t he Sirius?”

“Completely green. Vomit everywhere. Couldn’t even make it to the toilet, poor bastard.”

“Wow,” Cerci says, sounding mildly impressed. “Gross.”

“Mm,” James agrees.

“It was,” Sirius adds. “Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah, right. Christmas party rule number two! Never stand in the doorways.”

This clears nothing up as far as Evan is concerned. “Why?” but before either of his teammates can answer him Cerci lets out a surprised: “Oh,” and then, “Evan, look up!”

“What’re you—oh,” mistletoe. They’re standing right under the mistletoe.

Sirius lets out an obnoxiously loud wolf-whistle. “Go on you two, swap some spit!”

James wrinkles his nose, turning to his best friend. “Dude. Ew.”

Evan suddenly feels unbearably awkward. He should probably just move right? That would make the most sense? If he just walks out from under the doorway the problem is solved. Or will that seem rude? He didn’t realize mistletoe was an actual thing. He’s not sure what the rules are.   

“Well?” Sirius demands impatiently. “We haven’t got all day you know!”

“Places to be!”

“Things to do!” 

Evan glares at them, which only succeeds in making Sirius giggle, sending him and James stumbling about. He turns back to Cerci.

“So—um—“ but that’s about as far as he gets, face on fire. They’re still holding hands he realizes, which somehow makes him more awkward. 

“You okay there?” Cerci asks, smirking up at him.

He lets out a nervous laugh. “You’re enjoying this aren’t you?”

“I just like it when you get all flustered,” she yanks playfully on his hand. “It’s sweet.”

“Oh geez,” he huffs, looking down. “Sweet?”

“What! What’s wrong with sweet? I like sweet!”

He smiles, looking up and then away again. “Well alright, if you like it.”

There’s a pause before he feels another tug on his hand. “Evan?”

“Yeah?”

“Get down here.”

He blinks. “What?”

“Listen, either you get on your knees or someone’s gonna have to get me a chair because there’s no way I’m going to be able to reach your mouth otherwise,” and then, eyes running him up and down. “Well, I could climb you I guess.”

Evan nearly chokes. “I’ll kneel,” he wheezes, sinking down, his limbs suddenly feeling incredible hard to move—too long, too big. Predictably, James and Sirius start catcalling.

“Ow ow!”

“Get it Rosy!”

“You’re supposed to kiss not propose, y’know!”

Evan, stubbornly, ignores them.

Cerci smiles, stepping closer, now several inches taller. “There,” she says, hands coming to either side of his face, thumbs brushing his cheeks. “Much better.”

When she kisses him it’s light and sweet and it makes a dozen fireworks shoot off in his chest. There’s nothing uncertain in the way she touches him. The way she holds him. Nothing that wavers or trembles. It’s…oddly, comfortable. Not a deep kiss, and yet still it goes on longer than it probably should. Apparently neither of them eager to pull away.

Eventually, however, Cerci does. Evan’s eyes fluttering open to find her smiling at him, before leaning in and kissing the tip of his nose.

“Merry Christmas.”

He laughs, getting to his feet. “Merry Christmas.”

He’s expecting to get harassed by his teammates, but when he looks over he finds that James and Sirius have thankfully gotten distracted tormenting Peter across the room.

When he feels his back pocket buzzing he doesn’t really think about it. Pulling his phone out instinctually and glancing at the screen.

 

B

 

He almost drops it.

Barty is calling him.

“Evan?”

He looks up, feeling a little numb as he stares at Cerci who’s moved into the kitchen.

“C’mon! What’re you hoping for another kiss?” she laughs. “Get out of there!”

His phone is still buzzing. It’s been weeks now, since he last heard Barty’s voice. He misses him. Fuck he misses him so much.

“Evan?” Cerci’s smile fades, replaced by concern. “You okay?” 

It takes a second before he can get enough air back in his lungs to speak. “Yeah. Yeah sorry. Just spaced out a little,” he walks forward. And before he can think about it. Before he can second guess himself. He slides his phone back into his pocket.

 

 

Part III Remus

He’s in the kitchen making himself his first drink of the evening. Pitiful he knows, especially since it’s clear that James and Sirius have finished off a good portion of the Potter’s liquor—but he got distracted. He’s really missed Fabian. It’s only been a few days but…it’s nice to have someone whose eye you can catch across the room. Whose hand you can hold. Whose side you can melt into. He’s grown used to it, he realizes, smiling down into his drink. A smile that widens as someone wraps their arms around his waist and hooks their chin over his shoulder.

Hi Lily. 

He turns around to find the ginger pouting at him.

How’d ___ know __ was me?

Because, he leans back against the counter. You have no sense of personal space.

She looks offended for about two seconds before shrugging. Actually, fair _____. Though neither do James or Sirius.

True, but they’re usually more aggressive about it.

Can’t argue with that, and then: Good Christmas so far?

He’s not sure that’s exactly how he would describe it. Tense more like. Awkward. His dad is mad at him and he isn’t trying to pretend otherwise. Remus knows it’s coming from a good place. Really, he does. At least…he thinks he does. But it’s like the two of them are on opposite sides on an uncrossable river. Never able to meet. To understand one another.

Yeah, Lily says, when he takes too long answering. A knowing look in her eye. Mine too.

Remus huffs, lifting his glass. Cheers?

Cheers, their drinks clinking together.

There must be some kind of noise because Lily’s head whips towards the living room, and when she turns back to him she’s laughing. They’re really gone aren’t they?

Which can only be about two people.

Remus sighs, shifting so he can see behind her. What’re they doing now? but even as he asks he can see that James and Sirius have cleared themselves a stage in the centre of the living room and appear to be—

Are they…

Singing? Lily asks grinning. Yes. Cher to be precise. 

They are ridiculous. A menace to society. But, still. He can’t help but smile as he watches them prance around, flailing their arms, spinning like tops. Sirius spots him over James’s shoulder and his face breaks into a giant, goofy grin, making Remus laugh. Sirius motions for him to join them but Remus shakes his head, lifting his drink to his mouth and taking another sip. Of course, Sirius Black has never been very good at taking no for an answer.

He breaks away from James who instantly starts serenading Peter. Making his way across the room and into the kitchen.

The answer is no, Remus says, before Sirius can even start, so you can stop looking at me like that.

But Sirius does not, in fact, stop looking at him like that. And Remus thinks he can feel Lily laugh beside him. Sirius comes closer—he’s sweaty, long hair pulled back the way it usually is after a game. Face flushed. He’s such a mess. He’s so breathtaking. Sirius reaches out and starts tugging on Remus’s wrist.

Sirius!

But he doesn’t stop. And, helplessly, Remus turns to Lily.

Oh don’t look at me, she says. I’m dying to see where this goes.

He glares at her, Sirius still tugging insistently on his wrist. He might be speaking to him but Remus can only focus on so many people at a time.

Oh my god, fine! he huffs. Here, Lily, can you take this before it spills? he asks, handing off his drink. She takes it smiling.

Have fun!

Remus rolls his eyes. Traitor, he mutters, letting Sirius drag him into the other room.

There’s so much going on—people and lights and movement. So much to look at. To be distracted by. But Sirius doesn’t take his eyes off of Remus once, walking backwards into the living room.

I’m not dancing with you, Remus says, trying and failing to keep his face stern. Just so we’re clear. 

Okay Remus.

I mean it.

Okay. Sirius is smiling, it’s so lovely, his whole face bright, and Remus can’t help but smile back.

They stop next to the speakers. Faintly, distantly, Remus hears—or feels—a beat. He thinks Sirius is going to put his hand on the speaker but instead, he takes the hand he’s been pulling on and places it on his chest. And then he starts to sing. Remus can feel it, he can—a laugh bubbles out of him—Sirius’s voice is under his touch, is weaving its way around his fingers, vibrating through his bones.

And then Sirius starts to sign:

 

My world was shattered, I was torn apart

Like someone took a knife and drove it deep in my heart

When you walked out that door

I swore that I didn't care

But I lost every thing, darlin', then and there

 

It’s a stupid love ballad. Sirius didn’t write it. It isn’t about Remus. He doesn’t know why it feels like a confession.

 

Too strong to tell you I was sorry

Too proud to tell you I was wrong

I know that I was blind, and darlin'

If I could turn back time

If I could find a way

I'd take back those words that have hurt you

And you'd stay

 

The rest of the world has disappeared completely. The room empty. It’s just the two of them. In their apartment. On their roof. And Sirius is singing to him, and Remus can hear him. He can hear him. He can hear.

 

If I could reach the stars

I'd give 'em all to you

Then you'd love me, love me

Like you used to do

 

His fingers curl in Sirius’s shirt, and something in him aches. Sirius just keeps looking at him. He’s been looking at him all night and Remus doesn’t understand. Wishes he’d had more to drink. Wishes he could blame it on the alcohol. Wishes he could blame all of Sirius on the alcohol.

Eventually, Sirius stops, hands dropping back to his sides. His chest heaving—Remus would know, he’s gripping it. They stand still like that, just staring at one another. And Remus can’t help but think of this square in Florence, Piazza della Signoria. It’s full of all these statues that tourists love to come and gawk at. That’s what they feel like to Remus, him and Sirius, in this moment. Like one of those statues. Like they could stay this way for centuries.

Eventually Sirius moves, placing his hand over Remus’s, waking Remus up. He blinks. Why’d you stop?

Sirius gives him a weird smile. Song’s over.  

Oh. And then, looking around like he’s just woken up from a daze. Oh. James is nowhere in sight, people starting to fill in their makeshift dance floor. He pulls his hand out from under Sirius’s, taking a step back. He thinks something like hurt flashes across Sirius’s face but he’s too frazzled to really take it in.

I need to find Fabian, he murmurs suddenly. He doesn't know if Sirius says anything, he isn’t looking, too busy scanning the room, suddenly self-conscious and not even entirely sure why. He finds Fabian of course. Already watching him.

Hi, he huffs, when he makes his way over to him. Fabian is leaning against the wall, cheeks flushed, an inscrutable expression on his face. Fab?

After a second the other boy blinks, eyes focusing on him. A weak smile on his face. Hi. and then. Looked like you were having a good time, nodding his head over Remus’s shoulder, back towards the speakers. Remus’s stomach twists.

No. Well, I mean…he huffs, running a hand over his hot face, he doesn’t know when he got so sweaty. Sirius is just drunk so… which isn’t really an answer. But it might be an excuse.

Fabian nods slowly. Right.

They stand in awkward silence for a moment before Remus crowds forward, placing his hands on Fabian’s hips. Relieved when the other boy doesn’t pull away.

Hey, he says, brushing their noses together. Lets go for a walk, yeah? You and me? It’s getting a bit crowded in here.

Fabian’s smile grows a little more confident. ___ want to __ ___ a walk now? It’s snowing.

Remus presses into him a little more. Yeah but, shrugging. Snow’s kinda our thing.

That makes Fabian laugh, which is nice. Our thing?

Mhm, he kisses him before pressing their foreheads together. C’mon, come for a walk with me?

Fabian bites on his lower lip for a minute before, eventually, nodding. Okay. Alright. Just ___ me run __ ___ bathroom first.

Remus straightens up, feeling triumphant. I’ll grab our coats.

This turns out to be a slightly more difficult task than he originally thought. The front hall now overloaded with coats and boots, Fabian and Remus’s nowhere in sight.

Oh sorry honey, Euphemia says when he asks her. It was getting a little crazy by the door so I moved some of them up into the guest room on the second floor. I can grab them for you if you’d like?

But he waves her off. No, no. I got it, thanks!

He takes the stairs two at a time. The second floor feels giant compared to the first, what with the complete lack of people. He doesn’t bother turning the light on in the guest room, going right over to the bed and shuffling through coats. He finds his pretty easily, but Fabian’s is a bit harder.

He feels a hand on his hip and starts, a nervous laugh popping out of his mouth as he turns around.  Hey, sorry it’s taking so long, I’m having trouble finding your— it isn’t Fabian though. Sirius?

Sirius doesn’t let go of him, instead putting both hands on Remus’s hips, his thumb finding its way under his shirt, brushing lightly over his skin. The feeling makes Remus’s breath stutter.

He ignores it. 

Sirius, what’s up? D’you need to lie down? because he is very, very drunk. Swaying slightly, eyes a little heavy.

You left.

Remus blinks. Surprised. I—Yeah, I just—Me and Fabian are going for a walk.  Sirius doesn’t say anything to that. Or maybe he does. It’s hard for Remus to tell in this light. Are you sure you’re okay? he asks after a few seconds. Do you need me to get James? something is off. He’s not sure what it is exactly, but it’s making him nervous.

Sirius definitely says something now but Remus can’t make it out. He’s leaning pretty heavily on him, and Remus really needs to get him over to the bed because there’s no way he can support two-hundred pounds of hockey player on his own.

Here, lets—but his voice cuts off as one of Sirius’s hand comes up to cup his cheek, thumb tracing over his lower lip. Remus feels like he’s just been punched in the stomach. Sirius? he pushes lightly against him. Hey, cut it out yeah? his hands are warm. Strong. Remus wishes he didn’t notice that stuff. But he does.

Sirius—

Don’t leave, Sirius says finally. Eyes suddenly wide open. He looks like a little kid. Big tough hockey player, but he always looks so small to Remus. Waiting for someone to send him to his room.   

I won’t. I told you I won’t. I’m just going for a walk Sirius, Jesu—

And then Sirius kisses him.

He kisses him.

And Remus feels like he is made of a dozen strings that have all been snapped at the same time. It’s horrible. Like falling. Like coming undone. Sirius is drunk. And he’s lonely. He doesn’t want him. He’s never wanted him.

Remus is always the last one to know when someone has entered a room. The last one to know when someone has spoken. This time is no different. Sirius pulls back from him sharply, stumbling a bit, Remus not feeling particularly stable himself, blinking against the light spilling in from the corridor only to find Fabian standing in the doorway.

And he can’t. He can’t speak. He—he has to. But everything is swirling inside of him and then Fabian is gone and Remus is staring at an empty doorway. Sirius grabs his arm but Remus pulls away, fumbling out of the room, down the stairs, just in time to see the front door closing. He doesn’t bother putting on his boots.

Fabian! Fabian please, please it wasn’t— he isn’t sure what it wasn’t. Isn’t sure what it was. Fabian is standing on the curb. He does have his boots on, but no jacket, phone in his hand when Remus makes it to his side. The other boy doesn’t look at him, doesn’t acknowledge him at all. And Remus can feel it slipping away. This beautiful thing he had. This sweet lovely little thing. That maybe could have been more. That had so much potential.

Fabian. He doesn’t know how the name sounds. But he knows it hurts. Finally, Fabian looks up. He’s crying, because of course he is, Remus might be crying too honestly. He reaches out like he’s going to wipe the tears away, he thinks he makes some kind of noise. He feels like he does. But Fabian moves out of his reach. Several seconds pass between them. No one speaking. Until, finally, Fabian opens his mouth.

Go inside Remus.

Remus’s stomach aches. I—let me—ok. I—I’ll get your coat. I’ll—and then we can—

Fabian shakes his head. No. ____. Just go inside.

But I don’t—you’ll get cold, he says pathetically. I don’t want you to get cold.

He thinks Fabian laughs but it’s hard to tell because he’s still crying. It is such a horrible thing to witness.

Remus. Remus please. You don’t want me. So don’t make this harder. I can’t. I like you too much.

One of Remus’s hands goes to his sternum and presses down. It hurts. God it hurts. I like you too. I promise. He’s just— waving back at the house. Sirius is just drunk. He doesn’t—

I’m not talking _____ Sirius. Fabian cuts him off, doing that thing again where he smiles and cries at the same time. I’m not dating Sirius. I’m talking about you. You don’t want me.

Remus reaches out for him but doesn’t step closer, he’s trembling, it’s fucking freezing and his socks are soaked through. Feet already going numb. Fabian I do. Please. 

But the other boy just gives him a sad look. As much as you want him? and then, before Remus can answer: I don’t need you to want me more Remus, I’d take a tie. Promise you want me just as much and I’ll…I’ll stay.

Remus doesn’t know how to answer that. Maybe he just doesn’t want to. Staring helpless back at the other boy. And after a few seconds Fabian nods.

Gideon was right.

Remus squints, not sure he’s read that correctly. Your brother?

But at that moment a car pulls up to the curb. Fabian waves at the driver before pulling open the back door. And Remus feels a swell of desperation. Wait, wait, Fabian, wait! He puts his hand on the car door, holding it open. He doesn’t know what to say. He has so much to say but he never seems to know how. Always struggling to communicate. I don’t want to break up, he manages finally.

Fabian gives him a watery smile, wiping his nose on the back of his hand. I know, he says. But I don’t think I can do this. It’s…he stops for a moment, losing his words. And then: it’s breaking my heart. Watching. Watching the two of you. So I just, I need to go, he looks at Remus for a moment before nodding. Yeah, almost to himself. Yeah I need to go. Fabian leans in then, kissing him lightly before sliding into the backseat. Bye Remus.

The door closes.

The car drives away.

And for a moment Remus just wants to give up. He just wants to sit down on the sidewalk and give up. Doesn’t want to deal with anything. Anyone. He just wants to curl into a ball and go to sleep. But you don’t really get to do that do you? Can’t just tap out. Life happens. And it keeps happening. And you have to just deal with it.

Sirius is standing on the porch. Because of course he is. Guilty expression on his face. Remus thinks he might say something but he doesn’t stop to figure out what it is, heading back inside. Back up the stairs. Back to the guest room. He’s going home. He’s going home because at least then Fabian will know that he didn’t spend the night with Sirius. Because at least then maybe he can fix this. In the morning. When they’re all—all thinking more clearly. Maybe there’s a chance…

Sirius follows him. Never one to take a hint.

Remus.

His signing is sloppy. Remus knows what he’s saying but he doubts anyone else would. He pulls on his jacket. Ironically spotting Fabian’s in the process. His stomach aches as he reaches out and grabs it.

Remus.

He’s shaking. He can’t tell if it’s from the cold or something else. He moves for the door but Sirius stands in front of him.

Would ___ wait please?

Get out of my way Sirius.

He doesn’t. Of course he doesn’t.

Let me explain.

Remus tries to get around him but he can’t. Sirius is too big. And too stubborn. If Remus thought it would do anything he would punch him. But given the amount of alcohol Sirius has had he probably wouldn’t even feel it. Besides. Remus needs his hands.

Remus just let me—

Explain what Sirius? he doesn’t know if he’s shouting. But he sure as hell hopes so. What do you want to explain?

Sirius looks back at him, eyes wide. He licks his lips the way he always does when he’s nervous, and Remus tries not to think about how they tasted. I’m sorry.

Remus almost laughs. Excellent. Great. Now get out of my way.

No wait. Wait, Because— I’m sorry that it happened like that. Like this. Sirius goes on. Really. But. I’m not sorry I kissed you. Remus just stares at him. I’ve wanted to. I’ve wanted to for a while. I just. Yeah. I thought you should know.

Remus can’t speak. He’s too fucking angry to speak. All he can do is stare. How long? he demands finally.

Sirius blinks. What?

You said a while. How long? How long is a while Sirius?

He watches Sirius fumble, flustered, clearly this isn’t the response he was expecting. And. Well. He’s not exactly at his best right now. Eventually, he seems to gather himself: A couple months?

Remus’s smile is sharp. He knows. He can feel it cutting its way across his face. So since I started seeing Fabian?

I—

You don’t want to kiss me Sirius.

Remus—

You just don’t want anyone else to kiss me. You know what that is? Because it isn’t love.

Remus—

It’s ownership. He feels Sirius go still as much as he sees it. And you don’t fucking own me. When the other boy has nothing to add Remus finds himself going on. He’s on a roll now. All the adrenaline from the night pouring out of him. We have known each other for years. I have been here for years and you have never once looked twice at me.

I didn’t know! I didn’t—I have Remus, Remus I—you—no, listen—you—it is—it is love.

No.

Yes, Remus, ______, I promise it—

Stop it Sirius. Stop.

I love you.

No. You want to keep me. You’re just too fucked up to know the difference.

Those words get through. Sirius stops begging, arms falling limply back to his sides. It’s not fair, Remus thinks, that he gets to look at him like that. Like he’s the one that’s been betrayed.

Is that really what you think?

Remus grits his teeth. Trying to make himself care that he’s gone too far. That he’s cut too deep. Trying to make himself care that he’s being mean. But he can’t quite manage it.

Yes.

There’s a pause. Something has cracked. Between them. In them. Something here is broken in the worst kind of way. Slowly, Sirius starts to nod, and Remus watches as his face hardens. Dead eyes. Flat mouth. Empty. Well then. Sirius steps out of the doorway.

And Remus doesn’t look back.

 

 

Part IV Lily

They watch Remus walk out of the house for the second time. Though at least now he has his coat and shoes on.

“What do you think that was about?” she asks. Peter sighs, taking a sizeable gulp of his drink before answering.

“Sirius.”

Lily looks over at him, brow arched.

“Listen, that kind of drama?” he waves towards the door. “It’s gotta be Sirius.”

Admittedly, Lily can’t argue with that. “What is his deal?”

Peter snorts, leaning back against the fireplace, careful to avoid the hanging stockings. The Potter’s really do have the most perfect house Lily has ever seen, like it came out of a story book. “How long have you got?”

She smiles. Letting the topic drop for a second. And then: “Listen, I love him—“

“We all love him."

“Right, but—“

“Ah, but,” Peter lifts his glass again, taking another drink.

“But he can be a real selfish asshole sometimes.”

Peter hums in agreement, still looking out at the rest of the party. “The thing is, I mean, you kinda have to cut Sirius some slack.”

Lily gives him a look. “Do you?”

Peter makes a face, “Well it’s like,” he sighs, waving his drink around. “He’s just…he’s scared you know? Like, basically all the time.”

“Sirius?” Lily asks. “Sirius Black? We are talking about the same person right? Because I’m not sure I’ve ever seen him scared. Shit, I’ve seen him beat the hell out of people without flinching.”

“Yeah well, that’s hockey,” Peter says, as though that’s the end of it. And when Lily doesn’t seem convinced he goes on. “Hockey is different. Honestly I think—“ but he stops himself, shaking his head and looking away, mumbling something Lily can’t hear.

“Hey!” she nudges him. “Don’t wuss out on me now! What do you think?”

Peter looks at her out of the corner of his eye and then back out at the room. “You can’t tell anyone I said this.”

She sighs. “Peter, honestly, who would I tell?”

“James.”

She gasps, hand going to her chest. “I would never. I’m not a snitch. Plus, haven’t you heard? We broke up. So. Hardly ever talk to that loser.”

Peter snorts. “Uh-huh. Sure. I’m just saying—“

“Peter,” she places her hand on his arm and squeezes. “Cross my heart, now spill.”

Rolling his eyes, he reluctantly goes on. “I think he likes hockey because…his team can’t just up and leave him.”

Lily squints. “What do you mean?”

“Well…” and when that isn’t enough clarification: “I think Sirius expects people to leave. His parents did a real good job of convincing him that he isn’t worth anything. So why would anyone stay, right?” he motions to the door Remus just walked out of. “But hockey? Well, hockey will never leave him. Built in family basically.”

Those words are incredibly heavy, and Lily watches them sink to the floor between them. “Wow,” she says finally. “That’s…sad.”

“Yup,” Peter finishes off his drink. “So, you kinda have to cut him some slack.”

Lily looks back at the door again. “Maybe.”

“Maybe?”

“Hmm,” she hums. “So are you gonna go up there?” she nods towards the stairs. “See if Sirius is okay?”

A look passes over his face—shame?—before quickly washing away. “Nah, I saw James go up, he’ll be taking care of it. And Remus always needs space when he’s upset. I’ll look for him later.”

She nods slowly, wondering why it feels like she just pressed on a bruise. “You’re a good friend Pete.” He grimaces, before shrugging like he’s trying to shake off her words, stop them from getting too far under his skin.

“I’m not,” he says finally. “Not really. Not like—not like James.”

She tilts her head to the side. “Why do you say that?”

He wont meet her eyes. “You know…” but he doesn’t offer anymore of an explanation than that.

“You see them,” she says finally. “That’s important. That matters.” 

A dry smile pulls at his lips. “Yeah well, that’s kind of my job.” And when she looks at him confused: “I’m a goalie.” 

Lily can’t help but laugh, which earns her a shy smile from Peter.  “Of course, I should have  realized.”

“Embarrassing for you really.”

She shakes her head, pulling out her phone. No new messages. Not since the last one from Mary that just said “here.” No reply to Lily's perfectly reasonable response of “where?"

“Hey—uh—Pete?” she asks, sliding her phone back into her pocket. “Any chance your keen goalie observational skills happened to spot one Mary Macdonald?”

He blinks, and then: “Oh, uh, yeah actually? I think I saw her near the kitchen? By the back door?”

Ah.

Of course.

She smiles. “Thanks Peter,” she drains the rest of her drink, leaving the empty glass on the fireplace mantel before she pulls on her coat and boots and heads into the backyard. Mary has always been drawn to the periphery of parties. As peripheral as you can get while still being in some way associated.

Lily comes to a stop, towering over the girl currently lying in the snow. She arches her brow. “Really?”

“You’re blocking my view Evans.”

Lily sighs, reluctantly lying down next to her, the snow instantly soaking through her tights. “Well,” she says after a moment. “This is dreadful.”

Mary snorts.

“You know, we could do this inside. Where it’s warm. And dry.”

“Mmm,” Mary hums. “But then we wouldn’t have the stars,” she gestures up at the sky. 

“James has the glow in the dark ones on his ceiling, that’s practically the same.”

Mary makes a gagging noise. “Gross.”

Lily turns her head towards the other girl, frowning. “What? What is gross about glow in the dark stars?”

“I don’t want to picture you lying on your back in James Potter’s bed doing who knows what—“

“Oh stop it!” she nudges Mary with her elbow. “I’ve never fucked James in his childhood bedroom you pervert.”

“Sure you haven’t.”

“I haven’t!”

“A likely story.”

Lily glares at her. “Mary. Give me a little credit.”

Mary finally looks back at her, smirking. “Why should I?”

She sparkles in the moonlight. Dark eyes, full lips. Lily wants to eat her.

“Because.”

“Because?”

Wants to rip her open. Wants to crawl inside her skin. Bloody and gross. Messy and sticky and covered in guts.   

“Yeah.”

Wants to be closer, closer, closer.

“Wow, compelling argument Evans.”

“Well!”

“Well?” Mary laughs, the noise filling up the empty backyard, and Lily has to look away. Mary is always beautiful, but when she laughs it’s almost unbearable. The silence starts to drag. “Sorry,” Mary says finally, “am I being too mean?”

Lily snorts. “Since when do you care about being too mean?”

“I don’t, but…”

“But?” 

Mary doesn’t answer, and eventually, Lily finds herself looking at her again. They’re so close.

“I don’t want to be mean to you,” Mary says finally.

Lily feels her lips twitch. “Liar,” she whispers, moving ever so slightly closer. “You love being mean to me.”

“Well,” Mary concedes. “Okay. Maybe. But only when it makes you smile.” Which, of course, makes Lily smile.

“You like it when I smile?”

Mary arches her brow. “Really Evans? Isn’t that head of yours big enough?”

“No,” she shakes the head in question, snow in her hair. “Go on, tell me what else you like about me.”

Mary lets out a long suffering sigh.

“What else?”

“Lily—“

“One more thing, just name it.”

“I don’t know.”

“Come on Mary.”

They pause, for just a second, their breath fogging up the space between them, and Lily sees Mary’s eyes drop to her lips.

“What else do you like about me?” she whispers.

Lily thinks she could write a book about all the parts of Mary she likes. A bible. Something to be worshipped. Preached. Prayed to. The whole time Mary doesn’t speak she watches Lily’s mouth and it drives her mad. It makes her wiggle. It makes her want to crawl out of her skin. It makes her want to be consumed.

“Mary—“

“Everything,” Mary cuts her off, sharp, quick. Like it’s a dirty secret. “I like everything about you.”

And Lily can’t help herself. It’s stupid of course. Could ruin their friendship. One of the most important friendships in her life. Stupid, stupid, stupid. But she really can’t help it. She’s never had much impulse control. Sliding the last few inches forward and pressing their cold mouths together.

She’s never really thought about it before. Kissing a girl. Kissing Mary. Or maybe she has. In passing. The occasional fantasy. But it never felt like something she could actually do. Like something that could be real. And yet. Here she is. 

It’s a bit awkward. Not the right angle.

But it’s also incredible.

She props herself up on her elbow, trying to get in a better position, to deepen the kiss. When she feels a hand on her chest. Lily pauses, blinking down at a very serious looking Mary.

“Er—hi?”

“You can’t just do this because you’re drunk.”

“What? I’m not,” and then, frowning. “I honestly don’t even think I am drunk.”

Mary gives her a skeptical look.

“Hey,” Lily leans down, brushing their noses together. “No looking grumpy when I’m kissing you.”

“I’m not fucking around Evans.”

And no. She definitely isn’t. Not with that tone of voice. “Ok,” she says. “Well, neither am I.”

“Really?”

“Really,” Lily repeats, determined. “I want to kiss you. I’ll probably want to kiss you tomorrow too. That okay?”

Mary just keeps staring at her, searching her face. “We should talk about this.”

Lily groans, dropping her head back. “Yes, alright, we’ll talk. But can we talk tomorrow?” bringing her eyes back to Mary. “Pleaseeeeeeee?”

After a few more seconds Mary nods. “Fine, tomorrow.”

And the next thing Lily knows, Mary has her on her back.

 

 

Part V Regulus

James Potter’s bedroom looks exactly how you’d expect it to. He has blue sheets on his bed, and trophies instead of books on his shelves. Hockey posters on his walls. Predictable and distasteful magazine covers of girls in bikinis stuck up with peeling scotch tape. Because apparently he has no shame. But more than anything else, James’s room is full of Sirius. His closet door is plastered with photos. There are other people there of course—Remus, Peter, Lily. But mostly Sirius. Sirius making a stupid face. Or in a stupid costume. Pulling a stupid stunt. There are no pictures where James’s face appears without Sirius’s right next to it.

Regulus reaches out, traces one of them. Sirius and James are sweaty and flushed, the picture only shows their upper halves but it’s clear they’re in their hockey gear. Regulus doesn’t know who took the picture, probably James’s mum. The pair of boys have their arms around each other, foreheads pressed together. It must have been taken after a big win. Regulus wouldn’t know. He wasn’t there.

Sometimes, when Regulus looks at Sirius, he feels like he’s the reflection in a funhouse mirror, staring out at the person he’s supposed to be.

“There you are.”

He starts, pulling his hand back from the photo and whipping around to find James standing in front of the door. He’s not sure how he didn’t hear him come in. Regulus opens his mouth but for some reason nothing comes out, so he closes it again. 

James has his hands in his pockets, he looks—small, somehow. Regulus doesn’t quite understand it.

“You didn’t answer my text,” he says finally. A weak smile.

Regulus frowns. “Which text?” James looks at him, and Regulus realizes that he’s let him down. His stomach squirms. “Sorry,” he fumbles for his phone but of course he doesn’t have it. “I—“ he’s not even sure where it is.  “I didn’t see—“

But James shakes his head, cutting Regulus off. “Nah, never mind. Not important.” Another half-hearted smile. “It’s good to see you.”

Regulus swallows. Pushing back the voice in his head that rudely asks: is it good to see me? or is it good to see Sirius?  “Good to see you too,” he manages eventually, though for some reason it sounds like he doesn’t mean it.

An awkward silence falls over them again, making Regulus twitch and fidget—pulling at his sleeves, at the hem of his shirt—until finally James moves, closing the space between them. His hands come to either side of Regulus’s face and he kisses him. Regulus makes a small noise of surprise but it doesn’t take long before he’s kissing him back.

There's something desperate about James that isn’t . . . normal. He’s usually so comfortable with this. With touch. But Regulus can feel the tension in the way he’s holding himself. The purposeful way he’s kissing him. Like he’s trying to prove a point. Regulus just has no idea to who.

“James,” he murmurs, as James’s hands slip under his shirt. “James,” running up his sides. Moving him towards the bed. “James stop.”

To his credit.

He does.

Regulus pulls away, straightening his shirt out and shooting James a disbelieving look. “Your parents are downstairs,” he hisses. 

Something about James’s expression flickers. “Good.”

“Good?” Regulus demands. “We can’t—I’m not—“ he gestures to the bed. “Don’t be stupid.” That's the wrong thing to say, he sees it instantly. James doesn’t shutter. Doesn’t close down. He breaks open.

“Right. Of course. Stupid of me to want to make-out with my boyfriend.”

“I’m not your—“ he stops himself. Too late. But he does stop himself.

James’s face is all twisted, and this is spiralling so quickly out of control that Regulus just wants to go. Just wants to run away .

“Not my what Reg?” James asks.

Regulus doesn’t answer. Can’t. And James just shakes his head, smiling coldly as he sits down on the end of his bed.

“Right.”

“I should—I should go,” Regulus manages.

“Oh now you want to go?”

Regulus narrows his eyes. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“It means you’ve been hiding all night and now you want to go downstairs? Now that I’m here?” he leans forward, elbows on his knees, looking up at Regulus, which is when it really hits him how drunk James is. Eyes glassy. Unfocused. “I’m starting to feel like you’re avoiding me Reg.”

“Don’t be—“

“Stupid?” James finishes for him.

Regulus crosses his arms over his chest. “I’m not going to fool around in a house full of people.”

“Why not?”

“Why not? You really are drunk aren’t you?”

James scoffs. “They’re our friends, what’s the worst that could happen?” which is a dumb question. And James knows it’s a dumb question. He wants to get caught, Regulus thinks, sparks of rage flickering through him. The bastard wants to get caught.

“Your friends,” Regulus corrects sharply. “My brother. It’s not happening James.”

“Fine," the other boy throws his hands up in the air. “Fine! We’ll just fucking—fucking talk. Two buddies. Catching up.”

Regulus wrinkles his nose. “I’m not your buddy.”

James laughs. It isn’t a pleasant sound. “Not my buddy, not my boyfriend. What the fuck are you Reg?” and when Regulus doesn’t answer. “Do you even know?”

Regulus glares. He doesn’t want to do this right now. Not with James in this state. “I’m going downstairs.”

“No. Reg. C’mon, stay,” he reaches out, grabbing his wrist. “Stay.”

“Why?” Regulus snaps, though he doesn’t pull out of James’s hold. “Because we’re having so much fun?”

James sighs, and he looks suddenly exhausted. “Can you just—can we talk?”

“No, you’re drunk. Lie down. Drink some water. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“Regulus.” 

“What!” he resents the way James says his name. Like Regulus is the one being unreasonable here. “What do you want to talk about James?”

The other boy shrugs. “I don’t know. Anything.”

Regulus just stares at him for a long second. And then: “So you invited Peter.”

James groans, letting go of Regulus’s wrist. “Seriously?” Jame demands. “Seriously Regulus?”

“Well!” he gestures emphatically with his hands. “I told you I wasn’t going to let it go!”

James lets out that hollow sounding laugh again. “Jesus Christ. You just want to be mad at me don’t you? You just fucking look for things to pick at. Aren’t you tired Reg? Huh? Aren’t you tired of fighting? Because I sure as hell am.” 

Regulus opens his mouth and then snaps it shut again. Not sure what to say. None of this feels right. James isn’t usually like this. Isn’t usually the antagonist. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t have a point, whispers the unhelpful voice in his head. “I—I don’t—“ he doesn’t know what to say.

He hates this.

Hates this.

Hates this.

Whatever James might think, he doesn’t want to fight. Not at all. Not even a little. But he doesn’t know how to diffuse situations. No one ever taught him. He only knows how to bite back. Sorry, is what he should say. But it isn’t.

“Good talk.”

“Regulus.”

“I’m going downstairs.”

“No—Regulus,” and something in his voice stops Regulus at the door. “Please. Just—I know I’m being an asshole okay?” his voice cracks. “It’s been…things have just been…” but whatever things have been James doesn’t seem able to find the words. “Just—please don’t. Please don’t walk away from me right now.”

Regulus squeezes his eyes shut. He has no idea what’s going on here. He almost never does but—this feels worse. It scares him. Makes him nervous. He needs to go. He needs to get out. Finally, he manages to make himself look over his shoulder. Makes himself meet James’s eyes.

“They’ll notice you’re gone. They’ll come looking. We’ll—we’ll talk later okay?”

And there.

He sees it.

For the second time that night. He’s let James down.

He pushes out of the room before he gives himself another second to think about it.

You see, the problem is.

Letting people down?

That’s really all Regulus knows how to do.

 

 

 
Notes:

    hi.

    so.

    uh, did you *kicks the ground* did you like it? *hands in pockets* maybe????? *wrings hands* a little???

    And if you're sitting there thinking to yourself "soph, where do all these people live that they could all come to this christmas party?" can i just say "shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

    also if you're mad about Evan not picking up Barty's call, sucks to suck, that's what you get for ghosting the poor boy

    also also I'm a bit obsessed with the jegulus fight at the end

    angry james just does something to me

    it's like a treat

    a sad upset angry treat that makes you cry . . .

    ANYWAY thank you! good night! good morning! good day!

Chapter 18: Part III The Hangover
Summary:

    “You and me”

Notes:

    tw explicit (ish) sexual content
    tw mild panic attack/dissociation (with regulus idk if this counts but feels like it might SO)

    i think that's it?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I James

He doesn’t feel good. Head held between his hands. Eyes on the floor. Trying to stop the room from spinning. He doesn’t feel good. He doesn’t think it’s the alcohol either, but he pretends it is anyway. This is pathetic. He’s pathetic. Which isn’t something he’s used to. He’s not sure why he’s all twisted up about Regulus. Why he seems to need him so much, when he’s never needed anyone before. Usually people need James.

He’d thought he understood Regulus. That Regulus was just—that he was scared. That this was a lot. That he was worried about Sirius. About his parents. But that, despite all of that, he still felt what James feels. This ache. This want. This hunger. He knows Regulus is shit at expressing it. But he’d thought he still felt it.

Now.

Now, he’s not so sure.

And all he wants is for him to come back.

All he wants is to be held again.

He laughs. It sounds thick and warped. Pathetic. Fuck. This must be the alcohol. Has to be. There’s no way he’s this weak. But then the door opens, and his head shoots up, and his heart races, and for just one second he thinks—

“Shit,” Sirius stops, frozen in the doorway. He looks terrible—like he’s been crying. Which is fucking weird. James tries to think of why the hell Sirius would be crying but his head hurts, so he gives up almost immediately. It only takes a few seconds before Sirius starts moving again, coming all the way into the room and closing the door behind him.

He coughs, clearing his throat. “Didn’t know you were in here.”

“Yeah—uh—“ James rubs at his eyes. “Needed a second.”

Sirius grunts in agreement before sitting down next to him on the bed. They don’t speak, shoulders pressed together, both staring straight ahead. At the wall. The floor. Their knees. Music drifts up from downstairs—muffled, along with the voices. James wonders where Regulus is. Who he’s talking to.

“I kissed Remus.”

Well then.

James blinks several times before turning to look at his best friend. Sirius has his eyes on his hands.

“You . . .”

“Yeah.”

“Like . . .”

“Yeah.”

“Huh.”

Sirius exhales. “Yeah.”

He’s not really sure where to go from here. “That’s—uh—that’s good then.”

A laugh startles out of Sirius as he looks up at him. “Is it?”

James shrugs. “Isn’t it?”

For a moment Sirius doesn’t speak, squinting at James, though it’s hard to tell whether that’s because he’s thinking or because he’s drunk.

“Did you know?”

Now it’s James’s turn to squint. “Know what?”

Sirius motions vaguely with his hands. “That—you know—that I—that I’m—“ he doesn’t finish that sentence, going to run his hand through his hair before remembering he’s tied it back. Finally, he looks at James again, eyes sincere. “Did you know about . .  me?”

James wishes he was a bit more sober for this conversation if he’s being honest. “Sirius,” he nudges his best friend’s foot with his own. “I don’t know anything until you tell me.”

A shaky smile pulls across Sirius’s face and he nods, nudging James back. “Okay. Okay cool,” and then, “thank you.”

“Of course,” James knows it matters to Sirius. Knows he needs this control. Needs to not feel like things have been decided for him. His mother was very good at telling him who he was and who he wasn’t. And James doesn’t think those wounds have quite healed.

He lets them sit for a minute, incase Sirius has more to add, but when he starts looking at his hands again James decides to keep going.

“You and Remus though,” he rubs at the back of his neck. “You’ve always been…well…you’re always looking at each other,” he could probably phrase that better if he hadn’t had so much whiskey. He frowns at himself, but Sirius only laughs.

“Are we?”

“I didn’t mean—“

“It’s okay, I’m not offended, I just…” he chews on his bottom lip, looking up. “Are we?”

James tries to organize his thoughts the best he can, wobbling his head from side to side. “Well…yeah, kind of? He’s like your gravity. Does that make sense?”

“Not really, no.”

“It’s just—“ James sighs and starts again. “It was so easy to lose you before Remus came along. You were always running around, you didn’t have anything to anchor you, you didn’t have anything to come back to. But now I always know where you are. Cause he pulls you in,” James shrugs. “He’s your gravity.”

He can see those words hit Sirius. See him swallow. Letting out a shaky: “Oh.”

There’s a brief pause. And then Sirius punches James in the arm.

“Ow! What the hell!”

“Stop saying emotional shit. You’re gonna make me cry, Jesus Christ.”

“I wasn’t doing it on purpose!” James pouts, rubbing petulantly at his arm. “Besides, it’s not my fault you’re a fucking pussy.”

Sirius punches him again.

“OW! Black—I swear to god!”

“What? You gonna hit me with your little bitch arms?”

“Okay that’s it!”

He shoves Sirius hard, right in the centre of his chest, the other boy grabbing hold of his arms and dragging him down onto the bed with him, the pair pulling and kicking and hissing insults at one another.

“You fight like a girl.”

“Lily could kick your ass so I’m taking that as a compliment.”

“FINE. You fight like Peter!”

James gasps. “You take that back!”

“No!” 

“Oh motherfucker—“

He manages to get Sirius underneath him. “Ha!”

Sirius glares. “Get off of me!” he says, struggling.

“Who fights like Peter now, huh?” which is about when James gets knee’d in the dick. “Ohhfucckkyouu,” he slurs, Sirius laughing as he throws James off of him and onto the mattress, both of them breathing heavy, the room spinning a bit. It takes a second, for things to settle.

“So,” James says finally, the silence starting to feel a little less playful. And when Sirius doesn’t speak he turns to look at him, his friend staring intently at the ceiling. “You kissed Remus?”

Sirius grimaces. “Yeah.”

A few seconds pass. “How’d he—uh—how’d he take that?”

Sirius goes silent again, before bringing his hand up to his face and pressing down on his eyes. James waits. Which is hard. Because he doesn’t want to. Because he wants to know immediately what Remus did to put that look on Sirius’s face. And he wants to kill him for it. Which yes, alright, fine, maybe isn’t fair. But he can’t help it.

“This year has just—“ Sirius cuts off, swallowing. “I just keep fucking it up. I just keep—I didn’t mean to kiss him but I—he—“ Sirius lets out a breath, he sounds tired. “I honestly have no idea what I’m doing here.”

James gives him a sympathetic smile. “Yeah, I feel that,” he can hear jingle bell rock coming over the speakers downstairs for the third time tonight. “What did Remus actually say Sirius? I mean what did he…?” Sirius’s face twists again, it’s horrible. “Fuck,” James reaches out, grabbing Sirius’s wrist and squeezing. “It can’t have been that bad?” because Remus looks back. James has seen it. Remus has always looked back.

A couple moments pass before Sirius clears his throat. “He left.”

James blinks. “What?”

“He left,” Sirius goes on, still speaking very determinedly to the ceiling. “Fabian walked in—“

“WHAT!” James is sitting up now. “You forgot to mention that fucking bit!”

Sirius rolls his eyes, turning his head away. “Whatever. Fabian saw. He left. Then Remus left.”

James just stares at him for a minute. “Fuck.”

A hollow laugh leaves Sirius’s mouth. “Yeah. Yeah just about,” he scrubs at his face before sitting up himself.

“Did Remus go after him? Like…”

“I don’t know.”

“You don’t know?”

Sirius shoots him a glare and James holds his hands up in surrender. “Sorry, sorry, just…well, it’s a long way back to his parents’ place.”

Sirius drops his head between his knees. “I tried to stop him,” voice slightly muffled.

James grimaces, reaching out and patting his friend’s back with one hand, while pulling his phone out with the other. “I know dude.”

He types out a quick message to Remus, asking if he’s okay, before sliding the phone into his pocket again and squeezing the back of Sirius’s neck. The pair just sit together for a moment, listening to the party below them.

“I’m broken,” Sirius finally mumbles, which might feel melodramatic if it weren’t for the way his breath stutters under James’s hand, or his voice cracks. The fact that he sounds the way he had when they were twelve, his hands bloody, the pair of them staring at each other in the arena bathroom. Sirius telling James how he’s never good enough.

He squeezes Sirius’s neck again. “Everyone’s broken.”

Sirius lets out a huff. “Not like this,” and then. “What if she was right about me?”

“Sirius,” James pleads, dropping his forehead onto his best friend’s back, wrapping his arms around him.

“She’s a bitch,” the other boy goes on. “But that doesn’t mean she’s wrong.”

“She is wrong,” tightening his hold on him. “You know she’s wrong.”

Sirius doesn’t speak for a long time. And then: “I don’t want to keep hurting him,” voice barely a whisper. “I don’t know why I can’t stop. And I’m scared because…because what if that’s how she feels, you know? What if she can’t stop either?” 

James shakes his head. “We’ve been over this—“

“Yeah, but I’ve just gone and done it again haven’t I?“

“Sirius, drunkenly kissing someone at a party doesn’t make you…” he isn’t sure what to say exactly. What Walburga is. “It doesn’t make you a bad person.” Sirius sighs, rising and falling underneath James, and after a few seconds James gives him a little shake. “Hey, I promised we were gonna be okay remember? Outside the Leaky? After Regulus decked Peter?” that gets a laugh out of Sirius which James counts as a win. “Have I ever promised you something and not delivered?”

“James—“

“Have I?”

Sirius lets out a huff. “No, you fucking loser.”

“Exactly, so…we’re going to be okay.”

There’s a beat.

“Fine.”

James smiles triumphantly, kissing the top of Sirius’s head before he lets him go, sitting up properly. James watches his best friend for a moment, before he is suddenly hit with a burst of inspiration. A brilliant, excellent, absolutely reckless inspiration. “Hey, uh, you know what I really want to do right now?” he says, giving Sirius a nudge.

The other boy snorts. “Drink more whiskey?”

“No. Well...” James considers it. “Maybe. But what I really want to do is skate.”

There’s a short pause before Sirius lifts his head, brow arched. “Backyard?”

But James shakes his head. “Rink.”

“Rink?”

“Uh-huh. Long Branch.”

Sirius keeps staring at him. And then: “You motherfucker.”

James smiles.

“You kept your key?”

Long Branch Arena is the rink they played at as kids. The rink they worked at over the summers. The rink they had keys to as a result of said work.

James shrugs. “No,” and then. “I did make an extra copy though.”

“YOU MOTHERFUCKER,” Sirius shoves him. “And you didn’t tell me?”

“I was saving it!”

“Saving it?”

“Yeah,” gesturing vaguely with his hands. “For a moment like this.”

Slowly, Sirius’s indignation turns into glee. “Holy shit.”

James nods, smiling back at him. “Uh-huh, uh-huh, I think you’re seeing the potential now.”

“We’re gonna break into the rink.”

James places his hand on the back of Sirius’s head, bringing their foreheads together. “We’re going to break into the rink.”

 

 

Part II Fabian 

It’s late enough that his parents are in bed. Which is a blessing. He’s not sure he could fake his way through a conversation with them. And the last thing he wants is for his parents to see him cry. Especially over a boy. It would just…it would make them all uncomfortable.

He slips his shoes off at the back door, picking them up and carrying them in the hopes that he can make it to his room without anyone— He freezes as the kitchen light flicks on, Gideon standing there in his boxers and a t-shirt, amused look on his face. “Thought you weren’t coming back tonight?”

Fabian really wishes he’d checked his face before getting out of the car. Wishes he knew for sure that you couldn’t tell he’d been balling his eyes out the whole ride home.

“Change of plans,” he says, head down.

Gideon arches his brow. “Oh yeah? Trouble in paradise?”

Oh.

Gosh.

That hurts.

“Just leave it Gid,” he manages, sounding like a man with a knife to his throat. He pushes past his brother and out of the room, dropping his shoes off in the front hall before heading up the stairs. Taking them two at a time.

“Hey what’s up with you?” Gideon says as he wanders out of the kitchen, staring after him with a confused expression on his face. “And where the hell is your jacket?”

Fabian doesn’t bother responding. He makes it to his room, softly closing the door and climbing under his blankets without getting undressed. He brings the comforter right up around his head and squeezes his eyes shut.

He wishes his brain would stop playing the night over again. And over again. And over again. It only hurts more each time around. Staring at Remus and Sirius standing in the middle of the room. So obviously in love. So beautifully in love. He hadn’t even been mad honestly. Couldn’t be. In a horribly messed up way he’d ached for them. For how much they clearly wanted to be together. Belonged together. He should have walked away then. Should have pretended to have some dignity.

But then Remus had looked at him again. Touched him again. And he’d just…he’d wanted to believe. For a little longer. That maybe there was hope. That maybe he could be more. Give me time, he’d nearly begged. I can be what he is. I can be.

Ca N    

             be.

 

                       Be.

            C a N    

 

                         c A               

                                    b

                             n           E

 

He isn’t sure how long he lies there, scrapping the tears off his face, burrowing further and further into his blankets, before the door cracks open.The light from the hallway slicing through his dark room. Fabian instantly turns his face into his pillow. He’d tell Gideon to get the heck out but he’s afraid of how his voice will sound. Afraid he’ll wake their parents. The door closes, and while Fabian can’t see his brother he can hear him, floorboards creaking under his feet as he slowly walks over, sitting down on the side of the bed.

A long tense moment passes before Fabian is able to open his mouth. “Don’t.”

“Fab—“

“I don’t want to hear it. Please. Just…” he doesn’t know how to finish that sentence so he doesn’t. He still can’t really see his brother, not through the blankets and the dark. Just able to make out his bent knee.

A couple seconds pass before Gideon clears his throat. “You want me to kill him?”

That startles a choked laugh out of Fabian.

“Because I will,” Gideon goes on. “In a heartbeat. I can take him.”

Fabian isn’t sure that’s true but he doesn’t bother pointing it out. “No I don’t want you to kill him,” he sniffles, rubbing at his face. “But I appreciate the offer.”

“You want to talk about it?”

He sees them. Remus’s hand pressed to Sirius’s chest.

He sees them. Wrapped up in one another in the dark.

I don’t want you to get cold.

“Fabian?” his brother nudges him gently, dragging him out of his thoughts.

“Sorry,” Fabian croaks. “I don’t really want to talk about it.”

Gideon lets that sit for a second before he starts moving. “Okay,” he says, pulling the blankets out from around Fabian.

“Hey! What—Gid! What the heck!” he grumbles, but a second later his brother is sliding under the covers with him, the pair both on their sides, facing one another.

Fabian squints at his brother. “What’re you doing?”

“What does it look like I’m doing, doofus? I’m sleeping in here tonight.”

“What? Why?”

Gideon scoffs. “Because I know you,” and then, a bit more gently. “You hate being alone when you’re sad. So.”

Fabian’s brain is moving a bit slowly. “So?”

“So,” Gideon lets out a long suffering sigh. “Now you’re not alone.”

It takes a second for the full sentiment of that statement to hit him. “Oh.”

A few more pass before Gideon speaks again. “Fabian?”

“Yeah?” he manages.

His brother reaches out, tugging on Fabian’s collar like a brat. “You’re never alone, okay?”

Fabian’s throat suddenly feels very tight. Part of him wants to push back. To throw all the petty mean comments Gideon has ever made about him in his face. Really? Never alone? You sure about that? What about all those times you used your teeth with me when you didn’t have to? When you knew I couldn’t bite back? All those times it would have been so easy to be soft and instead you drew your claws? He wants to. But he doesn’t. The list is too long. And besides, he’s sure Gideon has his own list. So, eventually, he just nods.

“Ok.”

Because Gideon is right. He doesn’t want to be alone. So he falls asleep clinging to his brother’s wrist.

 

 

Part III Regulus

Regulus can’t find Sirius. He really needs to find Sirius because there are too many people and too much noise and something is scratching at his chest. It feels like James. James who is still sitting up in his room alone. Where Regulus left him. Fuck. Fuck.

He needs to find Sirius.

That’s what he used to do when he was a kid. Things would get bad and he’d find Sirius. If he’d lost him in the first place, that is. Which he rarely did. The only person Regulus ever felt settled around was Sirius. Because Sirius knew. He knew that Regulus was weird, and twitchy, and quiet at all the wrong times. It never seemed to bother him much. In retrospect, Regulus thinks it probably did bother him—always having his little brother around. That’s probably why he started spending so much time with his friends. With James Potter. So much time in places Regulus couldn’t follow. Regulus had wanted it to be different this time around. He had wanted to show Sirius that it could be different.

Admittedly, he might have swung too far in the other direction. He didn’t cling to Sirius like he used to. Instead he pushed him away. He’s not sure why the two of them only ever seem to be able to exist in extremes. He came to Godric to get his brother back. And all he’s done is avoid him.

Regulus is starting to feel a little lightheaded. He hasn’t had anything to drink but it’s so hot in this house and there are so many strangers—the worst kind of strangers too—the kind that know you enough to see you. To recognize you. That’s Sirius’s little brother. What’s wrong with him? What’s he doing? Doesn’t he have any friends? He’s nothing like Sirius.

“Shit sorry—“

Regulus stumbles back, thoughts buzzing, making it hard to see. To hear. Which is why he's run right into someone. He should apologize too, since it was almost definitely his fault, but his thoughts aren’t quite in order yet, his voice lost somewhere in his throat. He blinks up at them—everything is shapes and movement and tiny little dots that kind of make up solid things if Regulus squints at them. Which is why it takes him so long to realize who is standing in front of him.

Peter’s face is pale. “Shit,” he says again.

Regulus almost laughs. “Oh, it would be you.”

Peter gives him a shaky smile but whatever he sees on Regulus’s face quickly wipes it away. “Yeah. Uh. Bad luck, I’ll just—“ he tries to move around Regulus, a difficult task in the packed room.

“Did it make you feel better?” Regulus finds himself saying, Peter’s head snapping back towards him. The other boy’s eyes flick between the corners of his face. Looking for the trap. The riddle.

“Did what make me feel better?” Peter asks warily.

“Fucking with Evan?” voice cold.  “I mean, I’m sure it wasn’t easy, having a rookie come in and show you all up, what with him being as good as he is. And, well,” Regulus’s eyes run Peter up and down. “Not hard for him to make you feel small is it?” Cruelty has always been easy for Regulus. Sirius too, he thinks. They got it from their mother.

Peter’s eyes grow wide. “That’s not what it was about.”

“Sure it was. That’s always what it’s about,” his smile has teeth. “You laugh and you call each other “buddy” but there’s no loyalty. Not really. Because you’ll throw anyone under the bus just to make sure you’re not the weak one. The one at the bottom of the pack. The one they pick on.”

He stopped playing before the hazing got serious, but he saw enough. The bigger boys shoving around the smaller ones. The names and the pranks. He knows that Sirius was a part of that. James too. Knows he’s just the type of kid who would have been the butt of their jokes if he hadn’t been Sirius’s brother.

“Did it make you feel like more of a man?” It’s not hard for him to imagine what it's been like for Peter. Constantly trying to measure up. Evan said that Sirius wasn’t at the rookie party, and maybe that’s true. But his brother is just the type of person who’d think shoving alcohol down someone’s throat was funny. Just the type to get everyone cheering along. “Taking the big tough rookie down a few pegs?”

Peter looks a little horrified, shaking his head. “You’ve got this all wrong Regulus."

“Bullshit.”

“It wasn’t intentional. Things got out of hand. That’s it. It was never about Rosy.”

“No. It was about you,” he snaps. “And Mulciber. And every other senior at that party who wanted to make someone feel small. You’re all pathetic.”

He sees the small flicker in Peter’s eyes. Something sharper in his gaze. “I feel like shit alright? I feel like shit about it. What else do you want me to say? I’m sorry. I’ve apologized. Over and fucking over again like I’m the only person who’s ever done something wrong,” he’s spitting, hand raised, finger pointing. Regulus has clearly hit a nerve. “So why don’t you lay the fuck off, yeah? I’m not Sirius. I’m not interested in being the person you take your mommy issues out on.”

That is a hit Regulus didn’t see coming. “The fuck did you just say to me?”

“Oh yeah go on, act tough,” Peter steps up to him, he’s big. Not as big as Evan maybe but. Big enough. He leans into Regulus’s space. No one notices because everyone is in everyones’ space in this room. “We both know that was a sucker punch back at the bar. You really think you could beat me in a fair fight?”

No.

Because he’s not stupid.

Of course, Peter’s been drinking and Regulus hasn’t, and since Peter’s a goalie it’s not as though he’s used to throwing punches. Both those things work in Regulus’s favour. Still. His odds aren’t great.

“Well now that we’ve established that,” Peter pulls away, not really meeting Regulus’ s eyes. “How about you leave me alone, yeah?”

Once again Regulus doesn’t answer. Hands curled in fists. Peter doesn’t seem to be expecting an answer though, silently nodding his head and pushing through the crowd. For whatever reason, that just makes Regulus angrier. Or maybe this isn’t about Peter at all. Maybe this is about him. Maybe this is about him walking out of James’s bedroom because he can still hear the taunting and the teasing. Maybe this about him still trying to prove to his brother, his teammates, his mother, that he isn’t weak.

That he isn’t a coward.

That’s not why he walked away from James.

It’s not. It’s not. It’s not. It’s—

He manages to make it into the kitchen which is slightly emptier than the living room—placing both hands flat on the counter and trying to breathe. Maybe he should call a cab? Go home? The idea of spending the night here is making his stomach churn.

“Hey darling, are you alright?”

There are a lot of voices. And Regulus can’t imagine why that one would be talking to him.

“Sweetheart?” a hand presses to his back and he flinches, the touch instantly retreating. “Sorry,” Euphemia Potter’s eyes are soft, expression concerned. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”

Regulus blinks up at her. Surprised to find her standing next to him. Unprepared for this entire situation. Because this is James’s mum.

James, his—his kind of—his—well. Anyway. If TV has taught him anything, it’s that he needs to make a good impression on her and he’s definitely fucking it up. Not that she has any idea of course. That Regulus is James’s—his—his kind of—well.

“Sorry I—I just zoned out for a minute,” Regulus swallows, throat dry as he tries to smile. He doesn’t think he does a very good job of it.

“Understandable,” Effie says, leaning in a little closer and dropping her voice. “Between you and me, it’s a bit much isn’t it?”

He lets out a relieved laugh. “I’m just not…very good at parties.”

She smiles warmly at him. “No, my husband—Fleamont—he isn’t either. Always ends up finding the one empty room in the house to hide out in. I’m afraid, much to his misfortune, I’m a bit of people person,” she leans against the counter, looking out at the party.

“James gets it from you then?” he asks, before feeling his cheeks instantly pink. He’s not sure if he’s supposed to talk about James like that—like he knows him. But Euphemia only laughs.

“Yes, I’m afraid so,” the conversation drops for a second, the pair standing in—not completely—uncomfortable silence. “He’s always been like that you know?” she goes on eventually, Regulus looking up at her. “When he was little we would take him to the park and by the time we were heading home he knew everyone and their mother by name,” she laughs again, and Regulus can’t help but smile.

“Sounds like him.”

“Hmm,” she says, and then. “He likes you.”

Regulus feels his whole body go still—every cell stops multiplying, every vein stops pumping, every electron stops electron-ing. Despite this, he does his best to keep his expression blank.

“James likes everyone.”

She smiles at him. “James gets along with everyone. But he likes you. And my son is a very good judge of character.”

Those two statements feel contradictory to Regulus but he doesn’t say so. He runs through every interaction him and James have had tonight—well, every one they’ve had publicly anyway—searching for something that might have given them away. But he can’t think of anything.

“I wasn’t sure he would, you know?” Euphemia goes on when Regulus doesn’t. She’s looking back out at the crowd again. “Him and Sirius, they’re so close. And I was worried that he might get…territorial, when you started going to the same school as them.”

That makes Regulus snort, and Euphemia gives him a sidelong look.

“You laugh, but they’ve never been very good at letting others into their little club.”

“There’s Peter and Remus.”

“Mm,” she hums in acknowledgement. “Yes, anomalies both. Special,” Regulus has a few words to say about how special Peter is, but he holds his tongue. “And I reckon even they feel on the outside…every once and a while.”

Admittedly, Regulus can’t argue with that. James is very smiley and Sirius is very cool, but neither of them really let anyone in but each other.   

“But,” Euphemia goes on finally. “He wasn’t jealous was he? Not in the end. My worries were all for nought.”

Regulus doesn’t know how to react. Isn’t sure if she really knows something or if he’s just being paranoid.

“No,” he finally manages. And then, for reasons he can’t explain: “I like him too.”

That earns him another smile. “Do you?” though she doesn’t sound surprised.

“He’s—he makes me feel…safe, I guess? That’s—that’s not—I don’t feel that a lot,” he snaps his mouth shut, horror washing over him as he quickly drops his eyes down to the floor. He has no idea why he just said that.

There’s a noticeable pause in the conversation, enough time for Regulus to wish the ground would swallow him whole.

“Have you told him that?” Euphemia asks finally.

“Er—“ still not able to meet her gaze. “I don’t—I don’t think so. Bit weird,” not that that stopped him a few seconds ago. Fucking freak, the voice in his head sounding suspiciously like Mulciber.

“You should,” Euphemia says finally, and Regulus can’t help but look up. Her face still warm. Still soft. “He’d like to hear that.”

He blinks, opening his mouth but nothing comes out so he quickly closes it again. Euphemia just smiles at him, reaching over and squeezing his shoulder. “Well, I best get back to the party. But it was lovely to talk to you.”

“Er—y-yeah,” he stutters as she walks away. “You too.”

It’s true. That James makes him feel safe, even though he shouldn’t. Because nothing about them is safe. Sometimes Regulus feels like they have the whole universe working against them. Sirius. The NHL. Regulus. Regulus being…being who he is. Certainly not good enough for James Potter.

James asked him once before, to let go of all of that. To just focus on them. Together. Because wasn’t that enough? 

And it had been. For a while.

Regulus isn’t sure if it is anymore.

The crack in James’s voice, when he’d asked him not to walk away, rings in his ears. Stings. He’s so far out of his depths here. So fucking scared. He’s not ready for this, for any of this. It’s been so serious, so intense, so quickly. Of course, he’s not sure James Potter has ever been anything else. Regulus just can’t always…can’t always meet him where he’s at. Can’t always climb that high. Give that much. Can’t stop thinking about what everyone will say. About what this makes him. He wishes that being with James didn’t feel like proving the boys who used to pick on him right. Just wishes it didn’t make him feel weak.

He closes his eyes, gripping the counter tightly. The thing is, all that stuff, it only matters when James isn’t around. When they aren’t together. Because when they are—everything is okay. Everything feels right. Regulus feels right. Like himself. He pries his hand off of the counter and starts pushing back through the crowded living room, doing his best not to flinch every time someone touches him. Back up the stairs. Because James makes him feel safe. And he’s never told him that. And suddenly he feels like he needs to. Desperately. He needs him to know. There are so many things he can’t do for James, can’t give him. But he can give him this. This truth. He can do that at least.

He practically jogs across the hall, bursting into the bedroom. “James, I—“ but his voice cuts out, hand gripping the doorknob as he just stands there for a minute, frozen.

The room is empty.

James is gone.

 

 

Part IV Sirius 

“Yo, you see any 9.5s?” Sirius is leaning over the counter at the skate rental booth, James inside, making a mess the pair of them definitely won’t be cleaning up later.

“Uh—“ James throws something on the ground, moving further into the backroom, out of Sirius’s sight. They figured it was probably best to only turn the rink lights on, so they’re currently operating with just their phone flashlights.

“Don’t die back there!” Sirius calls out. “Because I’m not carrying your heavy-ass body out of here.”

“Asshole!”

“What’s that?” Sirius smirks. “Can’t hear you, did you say something?”

“I said,” James’s voice has risen several decibel levels: “that you’re an ASSHOLE.”

“Sorry did you just say that I’m the coolest person you know? And…and what’s that? I’m a better skater than you? Wow Jamie, that's so sweet, I mean, I've always known it was true. But I'm glad you're finally confident enough to admit it.”

James emerges from the back room, scowl on his face. “You’re the fucking worst.” Slamming a pair of skates down on the counter.

“Mmm,” Sirius hums, picking them up. “That’s not what you said a second ago,” smirking as he heads towards the locker room.

 

 

They don’t bother with equipment, just skates, sticks, a bucket of pucks. James gets one on his tape, passing it back and forth for a second before looking up. “Cycle drill?”

Sirius rolls his eyes. “Of course, you want to do drills. You fucking loser.”

“I’m just saying! Since we’re here. Wouldn’t hurt to get some practice in.”

Sirius rolls his eyes a little harder, skating up to James and snatching the puck away from him.

“There are like a hundred pucks right there you know!” James calls after him.

Sirius only cackles, closing in on the empty net at the other end of the rink. He’s just pulling back to take his shot when James slams into his side, sending them both into the boards—their balance not exactly at its best.

“Hey! Fucking—not allowed!” Sirius splutters as James rights himself first, taking the puck back and heading for the net.

“Not allowed?” James calls over his shoulder. “Wow that’s some A+ reffing there guy.”

Sirius takes off after him, but there’s no point, James has already shot the puck by the time Sirius gets to him. Not that that stops him from giving him a shove mind you. James laughs, it’s big and loud, echoing around them, lighting up his face. James Potter is the brightest thing Sirius has ever seen. He feels guilty about that sometimes. About how much he takes from him. Knowing that James is always so happy to give.

“Hey! Black!”

Sirius blinks, finding James a few feet away now, puck back on his stick.

“Get your head in the game!”

Sirius huffs, bringing his hand up to his forehead in a two fingered salute. “Aye aye captain.”

Which is apparently all James needs to take off for the opposite net, Sirius right behind him.

 

 

They used to play like this a lot when they were kids. Chasing one another around the ice for hours. Until Euphemia insisted they come inside. Until Sirius’s nanny showed up. Sometimes Sirius would think about inviting Reg along on those playdates. He’s not sure why he never did. He supposes, some selfish part of him, wanted to keep James all to himself. And as the years dragged on that meant he saw Regulus less and less. His stomach squirms as he realizes he’s done it again. Left Regulus behind. It hadn’t even crossed his mind to try to find him. To invite him along.

“Wow are you really out of breath?” James skates around him as Sirius curls over, grabbing his knees and sucking in air. They’ve been up and down this rink so many times he’s lost count. So instead of answering he lifts his middle finger and James cackles.

“C’mon, how’re we gonna win the championships with stamina like this?”

“Bro??” Sirius says indignantly, slashing his stick at James’s shins, but the bastard is fast enough that he dodges the hit. “Don’t fucking jinx us!”

“Superstitious Black?” James grins as he slows to a stop in front of him, Sirius straightening up.

“I’m a hockey player, of course I’m fucking superstitious.”

That only makes James laugh, he’s sweaty, dark spots seeping through his sweater. Sirius is too—hair sticking to his face.

“We don’t need luck Sirius.”

He scoffs. “Everyone needs luck.”

But James just shakes his head. “Not us. Not you and me. We’re gonna win this thing, I can feel it.”

And his confidence is contagious, Sirius grinning back. “Some might call that arrogance Potter.”

“Nah,” teeth glinting under the arena lights. “Just an astute observation.”

Sirius laughs, shoving James who shoves him right back.

“We’re gonna make it Sirius,” James says, suddenly more intense, hand gripping Sirius’s arm. “I mean we’re really gonna make it. Stanley Cup and everything. You believe that, don’t you?”

This is different than a few seconds ago, something suddenly desperate in James’s voice. In the corner of his eyes. He’s begging, just a little. And Sirius is suddenly assaulted by Monty’s voice. It’s your dream you know? I don’t want him to lose that. He wonders what exactly James has been listening to over the last few days.

“Of course,” he manages, voice a little rough. He coughs, clearing his throat. “And then after we win the Stanley Cup we’re getting gold at the Olympics right?”

James’s smile gets a little more certain, holding out his hand for Sirius to high-five. “Hell yeah we are.”

Sirius really does believe that. Maybe it’s the whiskey. Maybe he’s delusional. But him and James? It just feels like they were made for this. Made to go all the way. Fuck the rest of it.

They start moving again, up and down the ice, passing the puck back and forth. James rambles on about school. About the writing course he’s taking—which Sirius told him was a mistake but James never fucking listens. They talk about the rest of the season, the games they have coming up. Everything really. Everything except what matters. Sirius half expects James to bring the weather up next.

“I—er—I talked to Monty for a bit,” James misses his pass, stopping and frowning at the puck as it glides away from them. A couple seconds pass before, eventually, still without tearing his eyes away from the puck, he says:

“Oh yeah?” it’s mild. Distant.

“Yeah.”

James nods slowly. “Okay,” the seconds tic past and Sirius tries to figure out how to dig them out of this hole. He’d thought maybe James wanted to talk about it, that he just hadn’t been able to bring it up himself, needed a push. Clearly he was wrong, so— “What’d he say?” James asks finally.

Sirius blinks, surprised. “Uh. Well. He—“ okay, maybe he didn’t exactly plan this out as well as he could have. “He said…stuff.”

James huffs, eyes still on that fucking puck. “Stuff?”

“Yeahhh…” Sirius drags the word out. James doesn’t fill the silence that comes afterward. So. Eventually. Sirius does. “I think he thought that I—I knew. That you told me.”

There’s a pause, and Sirius wonders if he'll have to clarify what he's talking about, but then James nods. “Yeah,” voice raw. “Yeah, no. I—I should have. Sorry Sirius I—“

“Hey,” Sirius cuts him off. “It’s okay dude, it’s…” he sighs, swiping a hand over his face. “It’s all good. I just thought you should know, maybe? That he told me.”

James nods again. Another long pause following those words, Sirius starting to fidget. He’s no good with tension. Never has been. He always has this unbearable desire to break it. To smash it to pieces.

“But what did he say?” James asks again, and for the first time Sirius is glad James isn’t looking at him. Glad he can’t see him grimace.

“Not much.”

Which isn’t exactly a lie. Sirius doesn’t think.

“No,” James huffs, digging his blade into the ice. “No, he hasn’t said much to me either.”

“James—“

“I’ve never disappointed him before,” he plays with the stick in his hand. “I know that’s a…bratty thing to say. I do.”

“James.”

“But it’s true. My whole life, my dad’s only ever been proud of me and now…” he smiles sadly at the ice. “I don’t know what to do with it, you know? His…his silence. His…disapproval. I don't know what to do with it,” his voice cracks. "How to live with it. Cause the last few days it's been driving me fucking crazy." 

“James,” Sirius tries for the third time, skating closer. “He loves you, yeah? You know that right?”

James's eyes find him briefly before looking away again. “Sure,” which is not at all convincing. Sirius reaches out, tugging on his sweater.

“Hey?” he says softly, and James sighs.

“Listen I know—I know my dad loves me,” he pushes his glasses up, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I just think…” his mouth wobbles. Oh no. Oh god. Oh love. James shrugs, like he can shake it off, but the heartbreak doesn’t go anywhere, shattering every inch of him. “I just think maybe now he does it a little less.”

He closes his eyes before the tears fall, Sirius dropping his stick and moving forward, wrapping James in his arms.   

“I’m okay,” James mumbles into his shoulder, which only makes Sirius hold him tighter.

“We’re gonna be so fucking good,” Sirius whispers, because he can’t make promises about Monty, but he can make promises about that.

“I know.”

“We’re gonna blow their minds.”

“I know Sirius.”

“I won’t let anyone hurt you.”

He feels James shudder against him. And then. After several seconds. “I know.”

They stay like that, clinging to one another at centre ice, James sniffling as he tries to get himself together, Sirius doing his best not to hate Monty. Because he’s already lost one father, he’d rather not lose another. Eventually James straightens up, but only enough that their foreheads are pressed together.

“Sorry,” James says finally. “I didn’t mean to fucking cry.”

“Shut up, you sound so dumb right now.”

Which makes James laugh. “You would know, got a lot of experience sounding dumb.”

Sirius rolls his eyes but doesn’t move his hand from the back of James’s neck. “Hey?”

“Yeah?”

“You and me right?”

James gives him a smile. “We’re gonna need to get t-shirts made at this point.”

“I’ll get on that.”

James huffs, and then, a bit more sincerely. “You and me.”

And, well, it just feels like the right thing to do really, so without thinking about it much, Sirius closes the last few inches between them and kisses James. It’s quick. Chaste. That doesn’t make it meaningless. James’s eyes growing wide behind his glasses as Sirius pulls back.

He grins wolfishly. “Don’t get any ideas Potter.”

“What?” James splutters. It’s honestly adorable. “You kissed me.”

Sirius shrugs, picking his stick back up. “Felt bad for you.”

James’s eyes narrow. “Oh fuck that, you loved it!”

“Are you gonna fall in love with me now?” 

“You wish!”

“Stop making heart eyes at me then.”

“I am not!”

“Are too.”

“Am not! You cocky son of a bitch,” James pushes him, making Sirius laugh.

“Thinking about my cock Potter?”

James’s mouth falls open and Sirius gives him a wink before skating after the puck, James cursing as he follows behind him. The pair shoving one another all the way down the ice.

 

 

Part V Remus

Remus doesn’t go home.

Well.

He doesn’t go back to his parent’s house anyway. The thought makes his stomach churn. He just wants to be somewhere safe, and warm, where he can fall apart in peace. So he goes to the train station. Gets one of the last trains of the night. And goes back to the apartment.

Their apartment.

It doesn’t occur to him until he’s opening the door the next morning that he’s gone to the one place Sirius can get to him if he wants to. He doesn’t think that was on purpose. He hopes it wasn’t. James and Peter have both texted him. He doesn’t reply to either. Crawling into bed fully clothed and pulling the blankets up around his head.

 

 

When he wakes up the sun is low in the sky. Dark orange light spilling through the cracks in his curtains. He’s too hot. Smells like sweat. Mouth stale. The corners of his eyes dry and crusted. It takes a while before he’s willing to move.

He has two more texts from Peter. Ten from James.

 

James

hey u get home okay?

 

remus?

 

ur not dead right?

 

right????????????

 

dude srsly just text me a letter or smthing

 

REMUS

 

bro i swear i know youre pissed but like

i didnt kiss you

 

k maybe i shouldnt have said that

 

ignore that

 

just TEXT ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 

im gonna call ur mom if u dont

 

Remus sighs. He’d be annoyed if it wasn’t kind of sweet.

 

Remus

alive.

 

James replies right away, like he’s just been staring at his phone waiting. To be fair, he usually does. James Potter bends over backwards to make sure no one ever feels forgotten.

 

James

thank duck 4 that

u home?

 

Remus chews on his bottom lip for a second, debating whether or not to tell him but, he’s never been very good at lying to James.

 

Remus

apartment. don’t tell sirius.

 

James

holi shit

did u go there last night??

how?

 

Remus

train.

James?

 

James

i wont tell sirius.

 

Remus lets out a sigh of relief.

 

Remus

thanks

 

and then:

 

do you know when he’s planning to come back?

 

James

uhhhhhh

end of break i think??

after new years?

 

Remus

ok

 

A few seconds pass and Remus is about to put his phone away when:

 

James

u need 2 tlk about it??

 

Remus smiles sadly down at the screen.

 

Remus

maybe later.

 

James

k

im here whenever

 

Remus

thanks james

 

He puts his phone down and gets in the shower. He feels tired. He’s just slept through the whole day but he still feels exhausted. His head heavy and full of fog, he’ll have to go home at some point. Pick up all the things he left there. Get James to bring the stuff from his house when he comes.

Towel wrapped around his waist he pads back into his bedroom, through the dark, empty apartment. He means to get dressed, but he gets distracted by the sight of Fabian’s coat thrown over his desk chair. For a second his breath catches and he just stares at it.

Okay, maybe it’s more than a second.

More than a minute.

More than several minutes.

Still damp, hair dripping onto his blankets, he sits back on his bed, phone in his hands, finger hovering over the video call button. It’s another few minutes before he’s able to convince himself that that would be a bad idea. So he texts Fabian instead.

 

Remus

i’m so sorry

can we talk?

 

He waits. He’s not entirely sure what he’s expecting. Maybe he’s just desperate. In any case, he sits there in his fucking towel staring at his phone for fifteen minutes before accepting that Fabian isn’t going to text him back right now.

He puts on sweatpants. An oversized shirt. Makes mac n’ cheese. Checks his phone every five minutes. Falls asleep on the couch.

 

 

The next few days pass in a blur. He spends most of his time sleeping. Some of his time texting James who checks in periodically. Sirius hasn’t tried to contact him. He’s grateful. He’s still angry and therefore not sure it would be a particularly productive conversation.

After a few days he makes the trip back to his parents’ place. Picks up his stuff. His mother fusses. Insists on feeding him. Asks about a dozen times if everything is alright. Remus lies. He’s not quite ready to tell her that he’s fucked up the only decent relationship he’s ever had. And as angry as Remus is at Sirius, he’s willing to admit that he wasn’t exactly an innocent party in this. He hadn’t been thinking when he’d let Sirius pull him into the living room, let him put his hand on his chest and sing to him.

Well. Okay. Maybe he had been thinking. About Sirius. Sirius and nothing else. No one else. He hates that now. It makes him feel rotted and twisted and sick inside. That Fabian had been right there. That they’d been so selfish. So wrapped up in one another.

Remus doesn’t stay at his parents. He should, but. He can’t bear his mother’s worried glances or his father’s angry silence. He takes the train back, gets home late. Sleeps. Wakes up. Sleeps some more.

Every day he crafts a very careful message to Fabian. He only lets himself send one. Just so that Fabian knows. Knows that Remus is here. That he’s thinking about him. That he isn’t letting this go, not yet.

 

Remus

hey, give me a call when you’re ready ok?

 

hey fab, you guys getting this snow too?

 

tried making coffee this morning.

burnt it.

i didn’t even know that was possible??

clearly i’m lost without you 

 

hey how are you?

 

i miss you 

 

Fabian never answers. Eventually Remus stops expecting him to.

 

 

He’s eating ramen noodles in his pyjamas, a blanket thrown over his head, One Tree Hill playing on his laptop. He knows the show so well he barely needs the subtitles, though he’d never admit that to James and Sirius. They’d mock him for the rest of his life if they knew he was watching the show at all, let alone watching it for the hundredth time.

He doesn’t check his phone when it first buzzes. Expecting it to be his mother. Or James. Same thing really. Besides, Brook and Peyton are currently wrestling on the front lawn and he can’t quite bring himself to look away.

Until it buzzes again.

Sighing, he puts his noodles down on the coffee table and pulls it out of his back pocket. Already trying to figure out a new way to tell James he’s fine when he sees the name on the screen.

 

Fabian

hi

i’m at the door

 

Remus chokes. Reading and re-reading the message several times before double checking the number. He’s still not convinced he isn’t having some kind of hallucination as he scrambles off the couch, tripping over his blanket as he runs for the door.

Fabian is wearing a knitted tuque that’s a little lumpy and too big for him—definitely home made. His eyes are wide, cheeks rosy, and Remus feels like he can’t move. Can’t think. Can’t speak. He opens his mouth but nothing comes out. And then, suddenly, embarrassingly, he starts to tear up. He knows that Fabian says something because he sees his mouth move but his vision is too blurry to make out what it is. A second later the other boy is wrapping his arms around him.

And really, it should be the other way around.

Remus is already fucking this up.

I’m sorry, he says, even though he can’t see Fabian’s face. Doesn’t know if he’s answering back. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.

He doesn’t just mean for the kiss.

He means for all of it.

They stand like that for longer than they should, Fabian squeezing Remus tight until he stops his blubbering.

You gonna ______ me in, or what? Fabian asks when they finally pull apart, smile a little shaky.

Remus blinks at him, scrubbing at his face with his sleeve. What—oh! Oh shit, yeah. Yes. Sorry.

They end up in the living room. Laptop shut. Ramen pushed to the side. Remus on the couch, Fabian sitting crossed-legged on the floor facing him. Hat done away with, hair mussed. Remus resists the urge to reach out and smooth it down. Neither of them speak. It seems that now that the theatrics are out of the way they don’t know what to say.

Do you want some tea? Remus asks desperately. Or—we have other stuff I think? Juice? Water?

Fabian gives him a polite smile. I’m good, ___ thank you.

Remus nods, letting the stillness creep back in. He is suddenly very aware of how shit he looks. Can’t remember the last time he showered. Or brushed his hair. Or did his laundry for that matter. He fidgets.

Fabian.

Yeah?

I didn’t kiss him, he should probably be using a bit more tact here, but he’s desperate. He just needs to get this out. Just needs to say it once.

Okay.

He kissed me. And I know how that sounds—how stupid that sounds. How much it doesn’t matter but—he’s struggling. Wishes he could use his hands. Hates that he doesn’t know how his words sound or if he’s saying them the right way. I didn’t kiss him. I wouldn’t—I wouldn’t do that to you.

Fabian winces, looking very much like Remus has just placed his thumb over a bruise and pressed. Remus, defeated. Remus I saw you.

I know.

Yeah but, Fabian shrugs slightly, as though Remus ought to be able to connect the dots from there, but he’s been on his own for days and he doesn’t think his brain is working quite right. You kissed him back. 

Every fibre of Remus’s being wants to argue. To shout and scream and stamp his feet. No, no, no. But he doesn’t. In the end, that wouldn’t be fair. Because they both know Fabian is right. I’m sorry, he manages finally, feeling so small. It won’t happen again. I swear. I promise. 

Fabian doesn’t say anything. At least not right away. Looking at Remus with an expression he has no idea how to read. Until finally:

How long have you been in love with him?

Remus feels his heart sink into the pit of his stomach. Fab—

I’m not asking out of spite I promise. I just…. he shrugs. I wanna know.

Remus has no idea how to respond to that. Struggling to swallow, his throat tight. Why?

Another shrug. A self-deprecating smile. I’m a romantic I guess.

Remus’s chest aches, and he lifts his hand to reach for Fabian but he’s not exactly sure what he thinks he can do here. Not exactly sure how to make this better. Fabian—

Was it this year? the other boy persists.

I don’t—this isn’t—

The year before?

No.

No?

Remus gives him a pained look, but Fabian doesn’t balk. Doesn’t back down, and eventually Remus finds himself running a hand through his hair and saying: We were fourteen.

Fabian smiles again. The expression delicate. Now see? That’s very romantic.

Remus grimaces.

Do ___ remember ___ moment you realized?

We really don’t have to do this.

But Fabian shakes his head, stubborn look in his eyes. I want to. It’ll make me feel better to understand. It’ll help __ not hate you. Because I ______ don’t want to hate you Remus so…what was the moment?

Remus eyes him warily, not at all confident this is the right thing to do. And yet. He’s not sure it’s really his place to decide what’s best for Fabian at the moment. So after a few seconds, he takes a deep breath, and he tells him. Tells him about the day he saw Sirius Black laugh for the first time. Properly laugh. Tells him how the sight set ten thousand fireflies loose in his belly.

You mean butterflies?

Remus shakes his head. No. No falling in love with Sirius wasn’t that delicate. He doesn’t flutter. He burns. 

Looking at Sirius that day in the hallway, he’d felt like light was pouring out of him. Like his insides were made of sun. Like he would burn himself up just to feel more more more.

I get it, Fabian says, making Remus blink in surprise.

Yeah? Because personally, he thinks he sounds a bit insane. But Fabian only nods his head.

Yeah, he says. That’s how I felt. Like that. The first time you smiled at me. Fabian’s eyes are suddenly glassy and Remus is off the couch in a second. Scooping him up in his arms. Holding him the same way Fabian had done at the door.

Fuck, he squeezes him tight. I’m so sorry. But it doesn’t matter how many times he says it. Or how much he means it. It never fixes anything.

He feels Fabian shaking his head as he pulls back, scrubbing at his face. __ it’s okay. __ it will be. I will be. I hope you—I hope you two figure it out, y’know? he smiles even though there are still tears tracking down his face. The pair of them all tangled up on the floor.   

I’m—I don’t think—we’re not going to—he has no idea what to say. His thoughts a disaster, strewn all over his head like clothes on a bedroom floor. 

You keep telling yourself that.

Remus looks back at him helplessly, before reaching over to wipe the tears gently away. And Fabian lets him. Not moving. Not flinching. Remus ends up just cupping his face, thumb brushing his cheek, unwilling to stop touching him. And, eventually, Fabian’s hand comes up to cover Remus’s. Holding him there.

I really liked being your boyfriend, Remus probably shouldn’t have said that. But Fabian doesn’t look angry. He only nods.

I really liked being your boyfriend too, and then: but . . .

Remus nods, maybe a little too jerkily to be normal. Yeah I know, I know I just—he’s started crying now too. I just wish it was you.

He’s not sure how it happens exactly. Which of them moves first. But somehow. They end up kissing. It’s sad and a little wet from all the crying. And then it’s something else. Something desperate. There’s fumbling. Arms and legs. Mouths and teeth. They get up—though god knows how because they never stop kissing—make it halfway down the hall before Remus is pressing Fabian against the wall.

He’s so warm. And so soft. And Remus wants. And wants. And wants. His hands slide under the other boy’s shirt, up his sides, feeling Fabian shiver against him, pulling away from Remus’s mouth to kiss his jaw. His neck.

Remus’s groan vibrates through his chest. Hands under Fabian’s thighs. Lifting the other boy up. His breath tickles the side of Remus’s face and when he pulls back to look at him properly—to check-in with him—he finds Fabian laughing. Remus smiles back. Cause yeah. Yeah. It is ridiculous. This is ridiculous.

They’re kissing again, Remus inelegantly carrying Fabian into his bedroom, dropping him down on the bed before crawling overtop of him, hands on either side of his head. He pauses there, looking down at the boy beneath him, with his kissed red lips and his pink cheeks and his blond hair fanning out around his head.

This okay? Remus asks.

Fabian looks up at him, eyes big and wet. Yes. He lifts his hand, running his knuckle along the side of Remus’s face. As long as we both know that it doesn’t— but he stops, mouth freezing, chest hitching. A hiccup. A sob.

Remus turns his head, kissing the inside of Fabian’s wrist before looking down at him again and nodding his head. Yeah. Yeah I know.

That this is goodbye.

Kissing again. Remus’s shirt comes off. Then Fabian’s. He goes slow now. Starting at Fabian’s neck, mouth trailing along his collar bone, his shoulders, the inside of his elbow. He kisses every inch of him. Loves every inch of him. Pours all the care and tenderness he has inside of him into those touches. He pulls Fabian’s pants off, gets at his thighs, sucks bruises into his pale skin, making Fabian squirm underneath him. But he doesn’t go faster. Biting and nipping and licking his way along Fabian’s legs.

When he’s done the other boy is a mess. Marked and flushed and panting. Remus kneels in front of him, just looking. He could have had this. They could have been happy together. But…

but

           but

but

          but

Fabian reaches for him and he goes. Hands and fingers and bodies arching into one another. He’s shaking so badly when he finally grabs a condom out of the drawer that Fabian has to open it for him. Has to slide it on.

It’s a lot. It’s all a lot. Having him and knowing that he won’t again. It’s a lot. And fuck Remus really needs to stop crying tonight Jesus Christ.

Sorry, he croaks.

But Fabian only shakes his head, tugging Remus down so he can kiss his cheeks. His eyelids.

It’s a lot.

But he doesn’t stop. Tries to hold this moment the best he can. Tries to remember every second of it. He doesn’t think that anyone will ever want him as simply and honestly as Fabian. And it breaks his heart that it isn’t enough.

Remus.

He wishes he knew what it sounded like, when Fabian says his name like that

Remus, oh, oh Remus.

He bets it’s sweet. Bets it’s sticky. Bets it gets its handprints everywhere.

OH,

 

         Oh,

 

                   oh.

Remus falls asleep afterwards, with Fabian curled up against his chest. They don’t really talk. There’s not much left to say. He’s not sure exactly how long they sleep for. Only that he’s woken sometime later by a gentle nudge on his shoulder. He blinks his eyes open, finding Fabian sitting on the side of his bed, fully dressed. Wearing his jacket.

The sky is dark, it’s late, distantly Remus notices flashing lights outside his window, but he’s too preoccupied by the boy sitting in front of him to think much of it.

Hey, Remus says sleepily.

Fabian gives him a small smile. Hey. Reaching out and running a hand through Remus’s hair. Remus starts to get up but Fabian gently pushes him back down. No, stay. Biting on his lower lip, still playing with Remus’s hair. It’s distracting. Makes him feel all gooey. Soft. I’m going to go now.

Remus winces. Fab—

But the other boy shakes his head. It’s okay Remus, we’re okay. But— his face scrunches up. If you could maybe..not come to the Gally for ___ ____ little while? I’d appreciate it. I just need some time, you know?

Remus swallows, trying to ignore the dull ache in his chest. Eventually he nods his head. Yeah, okay. Because it’s the least he can do.

The lights from outside are painting Remus’s room a dozen colours. Fabian leaning forward and kissing the top of his head.

Happy New Year’s Remus.

And with that he gets up, like he can’t stand to be there anymore. Like if he doesn’t go now he never will. Remus wants to ask him to stay.

There’s another bright flash. Fireworks. The lights are fireworks.

Happy New Year’s, Remus murmurs to the empty room.

 

 

Part VI James

His duffle bag is packed, leaving him to putter about his room making sure he hasn’t forgotten anything. His train isn’t until later so now he’s stuck with not enough time to do anything but too much time to do nothing. He’s fucking around with an old radio he found in his closet when his phone buzzes. Some tiny part of him hopes it’s Regulus. They didn’t really. . .talk, after the party. Sirius was always around and, well, maybe James wasn’t exactly trying his hardest to find ways that they could be alone. Afraid that they would just start fighting again. Or that his dad would notice. But he texted Regulus, wished him a Happy New Year. Predictably, he didn’t get a response.

So when he feels his phone go off, some hopeful part of his brain thinks: maybe. Just maybe, it’s him. It isn’t though. Just a news alert about hockey, he’s about to slip the phone back in his pocket when the headline actually sinks in.

 

NHL's Pride nights collide with LGBTQ+ political climate

 

He blinks, a sick feeling in his stomach as he sits down on his bed, hesitating for a moment before eventually opening the article.

 

Sports leagues and teams often use Pride nights to raise the visibility and acceptance of LGBTQ+ people — as well as sell them tickets — and the NHL has been a leader. But six NHL players and four NHL teams have recently opted out of participating. Between the players opting out and the team decisions, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said the league will "evaluate" in the off-season how it handles Pride nights moving forward

 

James stares down the screen, his knee bouncing up and down nervously as that sick feeling gets worse. He’s not an idiot. And he’s not naive. Not really. Not the way his dad thinks. He knows the shit people say. He’s been in locker rooms with racist homophobic assholes his whole life. He knows. But. There’s some part of him. Some part of him that’s maybe always hoped that they didn’t actually mean it. Didn’t actually believe it. That it was just…for show. You say a lot of shit out on the ice. That doesn’t mean it’s how you actually think. But this. This feels different.

“James?” his mother calls up from downstairs, nearly making James drop his phone. “Lunch!”

He lets out a breath, “Coming!” because if he doesn’t answer right away she gets all stroppy with him. It takes a second before he’s able to make himself move. Able to slide his phone back in his pocket and walk downstairs like nothing matters.

 

 

He doesn’t talk much during lunch. Not that his mother needs him to, flicking about the kitchen, packing up leftover food for him to take back to school—despite all evidence to the contrary, his mother is convinced he starves when she’s not around. She gives him instructions on how to freeze it and thaw it and reheat it—like he’s not just gonna throw it in the microwave and hope for the best. Still. He doesn’t mind. It gives him something nice and easy to fill his head with.

It’s not until right before he has to leave that he finds himself standing outside his dad’s office. He hovers there for a second, weight passing back and forth between his feet, bag slung over his shoulder. Eventually he manages to make himself knock.

“Yup?” comes his dad’s voice.

James has alway loved his dad’s office. The floors covered in overlapping Persian rugs, the walls lined with bookshelves and vases of dried flowers. His father is the one who loves receiving flowers, more than his mother. Likes to press them between the pages of his books and keep them as mementos. Currently he’s sitting at his desk which is pushed up against the window, squinting at the screen of his computer like it’s just told him a riddle. James takes a seat in the small armchair by the fireplace, dropping his bag at his feet.

“Oh hey,” Fleamont says, spinning his desk chair around and pushing his glasses up into his hair. “You leaving?”

James nods, smile tight. “Yeah.”

“Well,” he’s not sure his father’s smile is anymore natural. “Good luck with the season, I think you guys have it in the bag but—” he holds his hands up just as James opens his mouth, “I’m not jinxing it okay! Look,” he knocks on his desk. “Anyway, we’ll come down for the championships if you make it.”

James nods. “Thanks.”

Silence fills the room. Everything with his father has always been so easy before now. But there’s a wall between them. Or a chasm. Something that cannot be crossed.

“Look James,” his father sighs, sitting back in his chair. But James shakes his head before the older man can continue.

“No it’s okay Dad, I just wanted to say…” he looks down at his hands, clasped in his lap. “I just wanted to say that I’m not gonna tell anyone, about what…about me. I’m not going to come out so you don’t have to worry,” his eyes flick up, small smile. “You were right. It—it’ll only make things harder.”

Fleamont looks back at him sadly. “I wish I wasn’t right,” James hopes that’s true. But he’s not entirely sure anymore, which. Feels awful. “But…I think…I think that’s probably a smart decision.”

James nods, chest tight, he tells himself to stop being stupid, to just breathe normally, but nothing feels normal right now. Every part of him stiff and painful and out of synch.

“Well,” he manages, standing and taking his bag with him. “I’ll—uh—I’ll text you when I get back to campus yeah?” he doesn’t really wait for a response, heading for the door, legs shaking a bit.

“James?”

Part if him wants to pretend he hasn’t heard, wants to just keep going. He needs to get out of here. To just…go. But he’s never not listened to his dad before. So. Reluctantly, he turns around. There’s a pause and then:

“I love you.”

James feels sick. He doesn’t even know why.

“Yeah dad. I love you too.” 

 

 

 
Notes:

    SO OKAY

    technically no one is ACTUALLY hungover in this chapter, but it was more like an emotional hangover y'know?

    anyway, love a messy break-up, anger is too easy, hurts so much more when you're just sad, james and sirius were pretty cute tho huh? still the most functional relationship in this story (tho Mary and Lily might be catching up we'll see)

    yes i know, no rosekiller

    LISTEN

    if there's no buildup the pay-off isn't as satisfying

    I am hoping praying fingers-crossed gonna get a Marlene POV in the next chapter, we'll see

    also that article that James read is a real article that i had to read the other day and yeah. im. sighs. im angry. about many things to be fair, the nhl being the least important but it is still so fucking infuriating. in any case.

    happy jesus death day :) :) :)

Chapter 19
Summary:

    Okay Barty Crouch, I'll find your heart yet

Notes:

    tw mention of prior injury (i think that's it)

    HOCKEY

    this is unimportant but:

    stay-at-home defenceman: more concerned with guarding the net and blocking shots

    two-way defenceman: a defenceman who also plays good offence aka makes assists/goals etc.

    in hockey, they are always complimenting each others hands (soft hands, silky hands, good hands etc etc) and it's about skill and puck handling but it sounds very romantic also and so i like it :)

    ALSO Frozen Four: is college hockey championship basically

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Regulus

Regulus doesn’t know what to do. He’s been trying to be…better. Better at what? He isn’t exactly sure, but certainly better. He’s been texting James since they got back to school. He thinks that counts as better. He thinks. They haven’t seen one another though. Not since Sirius and Regulus left the Potter’s after the Christmas party. The thing is, usually it’s James who asks. Or who shows up at Regulus’s door. Or his table in the library. But he hasn’t. Not since they’ve been back. And Regulus is at a loss for what that means.

James texts him, every day. Messages filled with spelling mistakes and an atrocious amount of emojis. But he hasn’t asked to see Regulus. And Regulus isn’t sure how to ask back. It feels presumptuous, like he’s imposing himself on James. Which isn’t true, he knows that. He thinks he knows that.

Anyway. That’s how he finds himself standing outside James’s door on a random Tuesday, passing his weight nervously back and forth between his feet, trying to get up the courage to knock. He’s not sure how long he’s been frozen here, certainly an embarrassing amount of time. He’ll lift his fist right up to the door and then instantly change his mind. It’s pathetic. Pathetic and ridiculous and—

“Oh,” Regulus stumbles back as James’s door swings open, the older boy blinking at him, his brow furrowing.

“Reg?”

“Er—yeah. Yes,” and then, after an awkward beat, “Hi.”

“Hi.” James has his jacket on, hockey bag swung over his shoulder.

“There’s a game today,” Regulus says stupidly, because of course he knows that. Has received several texts from Cerci about it, in fact.

“Yeah,” James says, leading to more awkward silence. Regulus feels a horrible anxiety building inside of him. Like ants creeping up his arms. His legs. Weaving between his ribs. He wants to crawl out of his skin. Why did he come? Why did he think this was a good idea? Why doesn’t he know what to do? What to say?

“Is there—do you want to come in?” James asks finally, nodding at the room behind him.

Regulus tries to get his breathing under control. “You have to go,” he says, looking at the gym bag.

James shrugs. “I have a few minutes.”

Regulus swallows, fighting every urge he has to turn around and run back to his room. “Okay,” he manages finally. 

“Okay?” James asks.

“I’ll take a few minutes.”

By some miracle, that makes James smile. He steps out of the doorway, motioning Regulus in. Regulus hears the door close behind him but he doesn’t look at James. Drawn, as always, to the pile of books on his bedside table.

“What are you reading now?” he asks, even as he reaches for them.

“Er,” he thinks he hears James drop his bag. “Romeo and Juliet.”

Regulus smiles down at the copy in his hands. “I love that one.”

“Really?” the surprise in James’s voice makes Regulus look up. James is so lovely. He really is. He has the most beautiful eyes. And nose. And lips. Regulus quickly looks back down at the book to avoid coming undone right there. Pooling at James’s feet in some pathetic adoring puddle.

“You don’t like it?” Regulus asks finally.

“I—yeah, I mean. Yeah, I do but…I always pegged you as more of a Hamlet guy myself.”

Regulus smiles. “Actually, I think that’s Sirius. But I can understand why you might make that mistake.”

There’s another moment of silence. Stillness. Regulus’s whole body is humming, spilling over with energy. With feeling. The way it always does with James. He’s never understood why people say they get butterflies. Regulus only ever seems to get a stomach full of bees.

Eventually James moves, sitting on the side of his bed, looking at Regulus. His gaze has such a weight to it. Regulus doesn’t need to look up to know it’s on him.

“Tell me why you like it.”

Regulus huffs. “You have to go.”

“Not yet,” and then, softer. “Tell me, please?”

Regulus sighs as he starts to thumb through the pages, wondering why talking about a play assigned in English classes across the world suddenly feels overwhelmingly personal.

“Well,” he clears his throat. “It’s some of Shakespeare's best writing for a start. Like Mercutio’s speech? Right before he dies? When he turns to Romeo, his friend, the man who’s honour he’s just been defending, and says: I was hurt under your arm.” Regulus lets out a low whistle, glancing up at James and then back down at the book in his hands. “Under your arm, betrayal summed up in three little words.” Sometimes he thinks about that quote, when he looks at Sirius. He knows it isn’t fair.

“Romeo was trying to protect him,” James says finally. 

Regulus wobbles his head from side to side. “Maybe. Does it matter? If in the end it kills him?”

James huffs. “I don’t know,” and then: “Is that why you like it then? Because good deeds meet bad ends?”

Regulus smiles weakly. “No,” forcing himself to hold James’s stare. “I like it because it’s beautiful. And tragic. I like it because everyone thinks that Romeo and Juliet are just two dumb kids, but I think they really love each other. Stupid and young or not, I think they love each other. The whole world tells them they can’t but they don’t listen. Don’t let anyone make them feel ashamed,” he has to look away then, the flicker of pain in James’s eyes too much for him. Eventually, Regulus shrugs: “I admire them.”

There’s a pause, before James reaches out, fingers gently circling Regulus’s wrist. It’s funny, how delicate he can be, when he wants to. Regulus isn’t sure that many people would know that from just looking at him, especially not out on the ice. James brushes his thumb over Regulus’s pulse and he shivers, still staring very determinedly at the play in his hands.

James can be delicate.

But Regulus can’t help but think about being pushed up against a bookshelf. Can’t help but think about biting and pulling and grunting. Half-fighting one another and half trying to tear each others’ clothes off. He can’t help but wonder if James’s grip on his wrist is about to grow tight. If he’ll pull Regulus into his lap. Shove him down on the bed. He likes being manhandled a bit more than he thinks he should. More than he’d ever admit to anyone.

None of that happens though. Instead, after a few seconds, James lets him go.

“I should—uh—I should head to the arena.”

Regulus blinks. “Oh,” and then, quickly: “Right, yeah, of course.”

He puts the book back on the bedside table as James gets up. Instantly feeling naked now that he no longer has anything in his hands to distract him. To hide behind. Still vaguely aware of the warmth lingering around his wrist. The ghost of James’s touch.

“You can stay here if you want,” James says, sliding his gym bag back over his shoulder. “The door locks automatically so,” he shrugs. “If you need somewhere quiet to study.”

Regulus nods instead of pointing out that his own room is just as quiet right now, seeing as Evan also has a game. “Cool thanks.” He shoves his hands into the pockets of his jeans but then immediately pulls them out again, because that feels weird and he has no idea why he thought it wouldn’t.

“Well—“ James starts.

“Uh—will you—I mean, are you—after the game,” fuck. He is so fucking bad at this. James is looking at him, furrow between his brows. “Are you coming back here, is what I mean, after the game?”

A small smile pulls at the corner of James’s mouth. “Will I be coming back to my room?”

Regulus feels his cheeks grow hot. “I just meant—“

“Yes,” still smiling, though clearly doing his best to hide it. “Yes, I’ll be coming back here.”

Regulus is nodding his head again, like an idiot. “Cool,” and then, realizing how inadequate that is: “So if—so if maybe I was here. Would you—I mean would you—“

“Yes,” James says again, sounding, at least to Regulus, a little relieved. Though he’s not exactly sure why. “That would be—I’d like that.”

Regulus manages a small smile of his own now. “Okay, that’s—okay. Then I’ll be here.”

A look crosses James’s face then, but before Regulus can figure out what it means, James is stepping towards him. He brings his hand up, cupping Regulus’s cheek, and, embarrassingly, Regulus finds himself pressing into it. A second later James is kissing him. It’s quick. Closemouthed. But Regulus can’t even remember the last time they kissed, so he’s grateful for it. James presses their foreheads together for a moment before pulling away.

“I’ll see you after?” he asks, sounding about as breathless as Regulus feels. He sometimes wants to ask James, if this is what it felt like with Lily too? With the girls who came before her?Because Regulus has never felt anything like this, but maybe that’s just because he’s inexperienced. Maybe all kisses are magic. 

“Yeah.”

“Good,” James looks at the door and then back at Regulus. “You can—uh—you can sleepover you know? If, like, if you want to?”

Regulus’s pulse starts to speed up. That feeling—the ants under his skin—coming back. “I—“

But James must already see it on his face, because he waves him off. “Nah, it’s alright. Just, it’s an option that’s all, if you ever…y’know…” he trails off, and Regulus doesn’t know what to say, he goes to shove his hands in his pockets again but that didn’t exactly work out last time did it? So he aborts mission about half-way through, which he is certain looks even more awkward.

“Okay,” he manages eventually.

James nods. “Okay. Well…” he starts moving towards the door, but stops with his hand on the doorknob, back to Regulus. “Just so you know. I—I’m not going to tell anyone.”

Regulus blinks, not following the sudden change in the conversation. “What?”

James sighs before turning to him, though he doesn’t quite meet Regulus’s eye. “I know I was sort of pushing you to tell people. About…this…us. But, I’m not—I think you’re right.”

Regulus isn’t sure why that feels like falling through the ice. Plunging into cold water. “Oh?”

James still isn’t really looking at him. “I get it. What you were saying before, about how hard it would be," there's a strain in James's voice he tries to cover up with a cough. "Anyway, I’m not going to come out anytime soon so…if that’s something you were afraid of…” he takes a deep breath. “I just wanted to let you know that you don’t have to be, anymore.”

Regulus should feel comforted by that, so he isn’t entirely sure why what he actually feels is vaguely nauseous.

James turns back to the door. “See you later, yeah?” He doesn’t wait for Regulus to respond, which is probably for the best, because Regulus doesn’t have a response. He continues to simply stand there in the middle of the room, long after the door has closed, not quite sure how to process exactly what just happened. 

Except that. For some reason. It’s giving him the oddest sense of deja vu.

“Reg!!!”

“Hi.”

“You’ve been ignoring me you dick!”

“I haven’t been.”

“You have, I’ve sent you like, a million texts.”

“You sent me four.”

“Same thing.”

“It’s literally n—“

“So,” Sirius had cut him off casually. “How’d it go? With mum and dad?”

Regulus can still feel it now. The lump in his throat. Like he’d swallowed a rock. “Um, well—“

“Reg?”

“I—uh—so I just, I think I made a mistake,” he’d been shaking so badly he’d nearly dropped the phone.

“A mistake?”

“I’m not . . .what I said.”

The pause that had followed that sentence had been perhaps the most painful of Regulus’s whole life.

“What did they say?”

“Sirius—“

“What the hell did they say Regulus?’

“Nothing!” which wasn’t even really a lie if you thought about it. “I just . . . I don’t know, I was—I got confused.”

“Confused? Really?”

“Sirius.”

“Don’t listen to them, okay? They’re a pair of controlling narcissistic—“

“It’s not about them!” that might have been a lie. “Okay? It’s about me? I just—I don’t think I thought it through, that’s all.”

“Regulus—“

“Please,” his voice cracked. “Please just—just forget about it Sirius, okay? For me?”

Another painful silence.

“For you,” his brother had finally muttered.

“Thank you.”

Regulus sinks down onto James’s bed. It’s not the same thing. He knows it’s not. But. But did he just shove James Potter back in the closet? Regulus really feels like he’s going to be sick now. Because it’s what he’d wanted. It’s exactly what he’d wanted.

It just hadn’t occurred to him. Until this moment.

That it’s what his mother had wanted too.

 

 

Part II Sirius

They’re not talking. Again.

                                                Ag                           

 

                                                          ain.            

 

                                           Aga    i  n             A g ain

                                                    

                                                              Aga  in    

                                                                                    Ag   ai   

 

                                                                                                  n

 

He’s clawing at the walls. He’s eating the floorboards. He’s losing his mind. There have been too many silences between them recently. Too many cracks. It’s building up and Sirius can’t take it. Can’t survive knowing Remus and not having him. Which is an insane thing to think. But then. He’s not sure he’s ever claimed to be sane. 

For what it’s worth—and he imagines it isn’t worth much—he has tried to talk to Remus. As counterintuitive as it is for him. But Remus doesn’t want to. Keeps telling him he isn’t ready. Sirius tries to take comfort in that. “Isn’t ready” suggests that one day he will be. But it’s been two weeks since Christmas break. And that hope is starting to wear thin.

 

 

Remus is at the kitchen table, bent over a book. Sirius pauses in the doorway, staring at his back like some pathetic stalker. He should just leave, James’ll be here any minute. But. Well. He can’t help himself. He’s starved of Remus really. So he’ll take what he can get. Remus doesn’t look up when Sirius sits down even though Sirius is pretty sure he sees him. So he waits.

And waits.

And waits.

Until eventually Remus sighs, looking up and arching his brow. What? he demands.

Sirius briefly enjoys the feeling of finally having Remus’s attention, before responding: Going to the game.

Okay?

Sirius tries not to frown. Probably fails. You going to come watch?

Remus gives him an exasperated look. You know I’m not.

Remus—

No. We’re not doing this five minutes before you have to leave.

Sirius feels his heart trip. After then? After the game?

No.

Remus—

I’m not ready yet.

Sirius makes a frustrated noise he’s glad Remus can’t hear. When?

Remus glares at him. I don’t know. But not yet.

Sirius glares back. When?

You don’t get to be impatient about this.

Sirius disagrees. It’s been weeks!

You fucked me over Sirius! It’s the look on his face that really does it. Really makes those words hurt. And I’m still angry. Too angry to forgive you. To talk to you. So. Not. Yet.

Sirius grits his teeth. Doing his best not to snap. Instead he pushes his chair back from the table, legs screeching along the tile floor as he walks into his bedroom, throwing open the drawer of his desk, hand shaking just a little when he pulls out the papers inside. He doesn’t let himself look at them. Isn’t sure why he’s doing this now. He’d meant to wait until him and Remus were on better terms. Meant to be strategic about it.

But. Well.

Maybe now he just wants to poke him a little.

Remus looks up when Sirius drops the papers in front of him, startled. What’s this?

Sirius picks his bag up off the floor, sliding the strap over his shoulder. Taking his time before he answers. Lease, he signs eventually, watching as Remus’s eyes widen. Landlord dropped it off last week, needs to know whether or not we’re renewing.

Remus doesn’t respond, just stares at Sirius, and then down at the lease. Sirius stands there, watching Remus flip through it, feeling his stomach roil. It’s been eating at him since he got them. Here it is. Remus’s out. His chance to get away. Sirius had half a mind to burn it. To tear it up. To forge Remus’s signature. In the end he’d just shoved it in a drawer.

Remus looks up, a complicated expression on his face. You signed it?

Yes. He wants to scream honestly. Yes. Of course I signed it. Where do you think I’m going to go? Where am I going to go Remus? Where am I going to go without you? 

Eventually, Remus nods. Okay. 

Okay?  Sirius signs.

Yes. Okay.

Sirius huffs, adjusting the strap of his bag. So are you going to sign it?

Remus doesn’t balk. I don’t know.

You don’t know?

Are you just going to keep repeating everything I say?

Sirius growls. I— but his phone is buzzing in his back pocket, meaning James is waiting outside. I have to go, he finishes.

Remus nods, and when Sirius doesn’t move; Then you should go.

That shouldn’t make him angry. None of this should, he knows that, really he does. But still Sirius doesn’t move, standing there and shaking his head as the frustration and fear and shame all bubble up inside of him. “I said I was sorry,” he blurts out, mouth running away with him “I fucked up Remus, I really fucked up, and not for the first time, probably not for the last. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry. I always am. But you can’t just—“

“You’re speaking too fast, slow down.”

“—punish me forever. This isn’t fair. This isn’t fair when you know. You have to know how I—“

“Sirius slow down I can’t keep up, I don’t understand what you’re—“

“—feel about you—cause—I really fucking—“ his voice is cracking, but no one else can hear it so it’s fine. “If you hate me just hate me, you know? If you’re done just be done. But stop dragging it out like this because I can’t stand it. I can’t stand this.”

“You can’t stand? What? I—“

“You’re breaking my heart. You’re breaking my heart Remus. I know I broke yours first but please just. Put us both out of our misery already.”

Remus is standing now, and before Sirius can react he’s being shoved backwards with two hands flat on his chest. “I can’t understand you asshole!”

Sirius stumbles back, breathing heavy, shaking a bit. He’d wanted Remus’s attention and boy does he have it now. They stare at one another like it’s what they were put on this earth to do. He can’t help but think about what James said that night at the party, about how him and Remus are always looking at one another. About how Remus is his gravity. Sirius knows it’s true. Knows recently everything in his life has felt anchor-less without him.

His phone buzzes again.

It takes him a few moments before he’s able to tear his eyes away from Remus. Before he’s able to sign:

I should go.

Remus doesn’t try to stop him. Even if he looks like maybe he wants to. And Sirius slams the front door on his way out, just to make himself feel better.

 

 

“Hey,” James says, as Sirius slides into the passenger seat, instantly looking for the aux cord. “What’s up?”

Sirius grunts in response, plugging in his phone.

“Wow, day’s going that well huh?” James pulls away from the curb, Sirius scrolling through his playlists. “Remus still not talking to you then?”

“Nope.”

“You tell him about the lease?”

“Yup.”

“No shit!” he can feel James looking over at him, but Sirius keeps his eyes on his phone. It’s the easiest way to control his expression. James waits about five seconds before he pushes. “So?”

“So?” Sirius tries and fails not to snap.

“Oh c’mon dude! What he’d say?”

Sirius grits his teeth. One of these days they’re gonna crack. “Nothing.”

There’s a pause.

“Really?”

Sirius sighs, dropping his head back against the seat and staring out the windshield. “He said…he doesn’t know.”

“Doesn’t know?”

There’s snow on the ground but the sun is out, clear blue sky overhead. Kids on front lawns building forts and throwing snowballs.

“Doesn’t know if he’s going to re-sign it.” He makes a face, the words bitter.

“Oh,” James says, and then: “Shit.”

“Yeah.”

He feels James looking at him again.

“Eyes on the road Potter.”

“Sirius—“

“It’s fine.”

“Okay but—“

“It’s game day.”

James huffs. “You’re more important than game day.”

Sirius rolls his eyes, not bothering to respond to that.

“You wanna talk bout it?”

Sirius laughs, shaking his head. “There really isn’t anything to talk about,” he presses play on his phone and a familiar beat comes over the speakers, effectively ending the conversation. He thinks he hears James sigh. 

Of course, Sirius should have known it wouldn’t be that easy to shut him up.

They make it through a few more stoplights before he realizes that James is humming along. He looks at him warily out of the corner of his eye. As he feared, it doesn’t take long before humming turns to mumbling. And mumbling turns to—

“A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side! A little bit of Rita is all I need, a little bit of Tina’s what I see!”

Sirius tries not to laugh. Really he does. But. Well. James Potter has many skills, singing is not one of them

“You sound like someone strangling a goat, you know that?” Which, of course, only makes James sing louder.

“A little bit of Sandra in the sun! A little bit of Mary all night long! A little bit of Jessica here I am! A little bit of you makes me your man,” at which point James starts to shimmy and Sirius loses it completely.

“Jump up and down,” Sirius chokes.

“And move it all around!” James is still shouting at the top of his lungs like they aren’t trapped in a tiny metal box.

“Clap your hands once and clap your hands twice,” the pair now in sync. “And if it looks like this then you're doing it right! Mambo Number Five!”

James leans over, jacking the volume up so that the trumpets shake the car.

They’re still singing when they get to the rink. 

 

 

With Rosy out on the ice with them, James and Sirius are unstoppable. It’s the best kind of high. Better than any drug. Sirius is grinning ear to ear as he flies around the rink, making assists, goals. James smiling just as wide. They’re on fire tonight.

Rosy slams the Durmstrang forward into the boards, stealing the puck off him and sending it to James who passes it to Sirius. They move up the ice, ping-ponging the puck back and forth between them, cutting through the opposing team’s defence like butter. They get in front of the net, James has the puck, he tips it in and—

“LETS GO!”

Sirius barrels into James as the buzzer goes off, kissing the top of his helmet just as the rest of the team crowds around them. James is grinning, beaming from ear to ear.

“You guys are fucking incredible this game,” somebody mutters, Sirius can’t tell who in all the noise and action.

James huffs out a laugh, turning to Sirius with a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Must have been the singing.”

“Fuck, that means we’re gonna have to belt it out before every game now doesn’t it?”

James taps their helmets together. “You know it baby.”

A whistle blows across the ice. “Ladies lets go!” shouts the ref. “Face off!”

 

 

Part III Evan

Regulus isn’t at the game. At least, Evan is pretty sure. Cerci is, she waved to him during warm-ups, like she always does. But Regulus…not that it matters of course. Evan’s a grown adult he doesn’t need people in the crowd cheering for him in order to play. It’s just. He wonders why he didn’t come that’s all. If he’s okay.

“Who’re you looking for?” Sirius asks, mouthguard between his teeth, as he follows Evan’s gaze into the stands. They’re on the bench, just finished their shift, all sweaty and breathing heavy.

“Uh—“

Sirius spits his mouthguard into his glove and grins at him. “You got yourself a puck bunny Rosy?” waggling his eyebrows.

Evan instantly feels his cheek heat. “No. No!” though for some absolutely absurd reason his eyes go back to Cerci. She’s wearing a dress he’s seen before—pink with little watermelon polka-dots all over it. Cerci has the strangest clothes of anyone Evan has ever met. But they suit her so well you can’t imagine her in anything else. 

“Uh-huh, listen Rosy,” Sirius claps him on the shoulder, bringing Evan’s eyes back to him. “It’s all good to fuck around first year, just make sure if you invite more than one girl to a game they don’t sit next to each other,” he winks at him.

“Uh. I don’t think that’s gonna be—“

“Leave him alone Padfoot,” James says from Sirius’s other side.

Sirius ignores him, still focusing on Evan who has started to sweat for reasons that have nothing to do with the game currently going on.

“You also might wanna try to play it a little cooler, looking up at the stands every five minutes isn’t exactly subtle.”

“Maybe he just doesn’t want to have to look at your ugly face,” James chirps.

Sirius rolls his eyes, turning to their captain. “James, don’t be ridiculous, Karkaroff has already called me pretty boy three times and we’re only in the second period.”

James snorts. “Don’t think he means it as a compliment.”

“Doesn’t mean it isn’t trueeee,” Sirius sings the last word, grinning and leaning into James who is clearly trying to hold back his laugh.

“Personally, I don’t see it.”

“I think it’s the hair,” Sirius tosses his head from side to side like he isn’t wearing a helmet.

“Is it?” James asks, eyes dancing.

“Obviously. Prettiest thing about me.”

“And your eyes.” The words are out of Evan’s mouth before he can stop them, both Sirius and James swivelling their heads in his direction. Fuck. It’s one thing for the two of them to banter back and forth but Evan’s a rookie. Besides, James and Sirius were only joking. Evan isn’t. Fuck. 

A very wide smile stretches across Sirius’s face, Evan isn’t sure why it looks menacing but it kind of does. “Rosy, do you think I have pretty eyes?” he bats them at Evan for good measure.

“Don’t answer that!” James cuts in. “It’ll just make him even more insufferable.”

“Shut-up Prongs. Go on Rosy, tell me how pretty I am.”

“Uh,” Evan wracks his brain for something to say back. Something funny. Something that’ll make clear that this is just shit talk with the boys. “Uh—“

Luckily, he’s rescued by Moody, who chooses that moment to smack Sirius on the back of his bucket. “Stop trying to fuck my D-man Black and get ready to play. You’re going out there next shift.”

Evan is expecting Sirius to look embarrassed but he doesn’t, just grins up at the older man. “You’re a real cock-block Moody, you know that?” before popping his mouthguard back in. The older man only rolls his eyes as he walks away.

 

 

They win. Six to one. Evan is exhausted and sore as all hell but, fuck that was a good game. Someone’s let Sirius get a hold of the music so now Mambo Number Five is blasting for the third time in a row, James and Sirius belting out the lyrics as they pull their clothes on. Guys pat Evan on the back on their way out, invite him for drinks that he makes non-committal answers to. By the time he’s dressed, bag over his shoulder, James is playing an air-trumpet while standing on one of the benches and Sirius is singing into a hairbrush. He waves at them, laughing. James gives him a salute, Sirius a wink. He ducks out of the locker room before either of them can see him blush.

 

 

“Evan!”

He’s barely stepped into the lobby of the arena when Cerci appears, launching herself at him like she normally does. She seems to have decided that the best way to deal with their height difference is by getting a running start at him.

“Hey,” he smiles, arms coming around her. She smells nice, not like anything in particular really. Just…her.

“You were incredible!” she says, half-sliding, half-dropping back to the ground. He tries to be gentle with her, but she seems to demand you not be. “You scored a goal!”

He laughs. “Yeah. It’s been known to happen.”

“Hell yeah it has!” she punches his arm. “So, what’s the game plan? Going out with the boys? Celebrating? Doing…keg stands or what-the-fuck-ever hockey players do?” She beams up at him, her hair pulled into two buns on either side of her head, eyes big. He feels his chest give a little jolt.

“Uh—yeah I don’t know,” rubbing at the back of his neck. And then: “Where’s—ah—where’s Reg at?”

Her smile falters slightly. “He got held up at work, he said to tell you sorry.”

“Ah,” these days it feels like Regulus is always held up at work. Or in the library. Sometimes even when he’s in their room he won’t hear Evan when he talks to him. Like he’s completely tuned the rest of the world out.

“But hey!” Cerci gives him another light punch. “I’m here,”

His lips twitch. “You’re here,” and then, before he can stop himself; “Hey do you wanna, like, maybe…hang out?”

She blinks. “Now?”

“Sorry, yeah,” he lets out a nervous laugh. “Last minute, I know. You probably have plans—“

“No I don’t, I just figured you’d rather hang out with your team,” she gestures vaguely to the locker room behind them.

Evan shakes his head. “Nah—no. I’d," his face feels like it’s on fire. “I mean, I’d rather hang out with you.”

There’s something soft about the smile she gives him then, it makes Evan’s chest tight. “You wanna come to my place then? Watch a movie? Eat something? I make a mean grilled cheese.”

“Yes!” he says, just a bit too quickly. “I mean—uh—yeah,” fiddling with the strap of his bag. “That sounds…that sounds nice.”

 

 

Which is how Evan finds himself. Several hours later. In Cerci’s bed.

Technically, it’s actually just a mattress, because she doesn’t have a frame or boxsprings, but it’s still comfortable. There’s a pillow between him and the wall, Cerci’s laptop on his thighs, her head on his chest. He isn’t sure how she ended up there honestly, swears when the movie started there was space between them. But somehow they just…naturally fell together. Easy. His arm is wrapped around her and she feels small like this in a way she doesn’t normally when she’s talking and laughing and marching about. Small and warm and—Evan honestly can’t even remember what fucking movie they’re watching.

It’s been a long time since he’s been distracted by someone like this. Since he’s held someone like this. Since someone’s wanted him to.

“Hey,” Cerci says softly, he looks down at her only to find her staring back. “What’s wrong?”

He blinks. “Er—nothing. Sorry. Must just be…tired.”

But she frowns. “You look sad.” He opens his mouth to argue, but nothing comes out. “Is it the pouty hockey player?” she asks. The question a gentle tug on his heart.

“I don’t know,” he manages finally. “Kind of I guess?” rubbing at his eyes. Cerci stares at him for a minute before closing the laptop. “Hey no—don’t do that,” Evan says weakly. But she ignores him, sliding the computer off to the side as she sits up.

“Talk to me,” she says. “What’s wrong?”

He looks at her and then away, feeling a growing pressure in his chest. Like it’s the last ten seconds of the third period and his team needs to score. He swallows, trying to figure out what exactly he wants to say.

“Evan?” she tugs on his shirt and he can’t help but look back at her. Her hair has gotten a little messed up, strands slipping free of her now lopsided buns. Evan wants desperately to pull her back into him. To have her head on his chest. Her warmth. He’s addicted to her warmth. She tilts her head to the side, giving him a curious look, which is when he realizes that he’s just been staring at her for the last few seconds. 

“Shit, sorry,” he laughs nervously, running a hand through his hair, tugging on it a little in frustration. “I’m a bit of a mess tonight.”

She keeps giving him that look. “It’s okay,” is all she says. “But you don’t need to be nervous around me,” poking him lightly in the side. “You know that.” And he does. He really does. “So why don’t you just…just talk?”

He exhales, face already on fire. “You say that like it’s easy.”

“It is.”

“What if you don’t like what I have to say?”

She shrugs. “We’ll keep talking until it’s okay.”

Oh,

he thinks.

Barty never wanted to talk. But maybe that’s because he knew it would never be okay, no matter what they said. 

“What makes you think that’s possible?” Evan asks finally, voice a little rough. 

“Because,” with that impish little smile in the corner of her mouth, the one that tickles Evan’s stomach and makes him want to follow her around like a lost puppy. “I like you,” she finishes simply. “So it’s possible.”

“You like me, eh?” Trying and failing to sound cavalier. 

She smiles at him. “You know I do.”

But the silence that follows suggests she’s still waiting for an answer to her earlier question, and Evan feels as though his heart is about beat itself right out of his chest.

“Okay,” he tries, running another nervous hand through his hair. “The thing is I—well I think maybe—I just—“

“Evan,” Cerci says calmly, reaching out and taking both his hands in hers’, holding them gently. “Just breathe okay?’

“Right,” weak smile. “Right okay,” he does breathe. Once. Twice. And then: “You know how we…how we kissed? Over the break?”

She squints at him. “At the Potter’s you mean?”

“Yeah,” gosh he’s all jittery. “Well, I… kind of…liked it?” her expression doesn’t change, still slightly scrunched in confusion, so Evan presses on. “I’d like to do it again maybe.”

“Oh,” he can’t read that reaction.

“Right, yeah so,” God he really doesn’t have a plan here.

“And that’s making you sad?” she asks.

He blinks. “Well no—I mean, kissing you, or, thinking about kissing you, doesn’t make me sad but. I don’t know. I don’t really, I don’t really know what’s happening or what you want, and then there’s…”

“Pouty hockey player boy?”

He grimaces. “Right, so. So. So I guess I just don’t really know what exactly I’m feeling and that…” he shrugs.

“Made you sad?” she finishes for him. He gives her a helpless smile.

“Yeah, I guess.”    

Cerci stares at him for another second before sitting all the way up, crossing her legs on top of the covers and facing him. “I liked kissing you too,” she says. Just like that. Like it’s easy.

“You—yeah?” about a dozen feelings seem to be running head first into one another in the centre of his chest.

“Yeah,” smiling softly at him, before reaching out and brushing the hair off his forehead. “And I don’t mind about the pouty hockey player boy.”

Evan is feeling very much like the room is spinning. “But, I mean, I don’t, I can’t—“ he grimaces. “I still miss him,” he whispers those words, looking away. What the hell is he doing? What does he expect her to say to that? To any of this?

Cerci tugs on his sleeve until, eventually, he looks back at her. “Evan,” she says gently. “I know that.”

He doesn’t know what to say. “I’m sorry,” he manages finally, embarrassed to find his voice wobbling. “I’m such a mess and I didn’t mean to drag you into it. I should have just not said anything. I’m sorry. I just don’t know what to do.”

Cerci shakes her head, fond expression on her face before she untangles her legs and crawls into his lap. He’s so surprised that he thinks he actually lets out a little gasp, Cerci’s hands cradling his face. For once he finds himself looking up at her.

“Silly boy,” she whispers, before bending down and kissing him. Easy. Comfortable. All his live wires, all his wrestling feelings, going still at her touch. When she pulls back she brushes their noses together. “I like your mess,” she says, making Evan laugh, though it’s a little shaky. “It doesn’t make you a bad person Evan.”

Something in his stomach twists. “Doesn’t it?”

“No,” her thumbs brush his cheeks. “And I mean it, I don’t mind. I’ve never really believed much in monogamy anyway.”

Evan squints, his brain made fuzzy by kisses and touches and feelings. “I—so you don’t—like relationships?”

“I do,” she lets go of his face, sitting back just a bit. Evan resists the urge to pull her close again. “I just…don’t think you only have to have one at a time. I think feelings are a bit more,” she waves her hands around. “Wibbly-wobbly than that.”

Evan tries to understand. Really he does. But his whole life he’s kind of only ever seen relationships one way. And his mind is having a hard time adjusting. “So what does that—I mean what would that even look like?”

She shrugs. “However we want it to. We figure out what we’re comfortable with. Go from there.”

Evan still feels like he’s struggling to catch up. “So you would…we could…be together?” he asks. “Even if I—“ he doesn’t really know what the end to that sentence is. He’s not with Barty. He probably never will be again. Neither of them have even tried to contact one another since Christmas. But he loves him. That hasn’t changed, hasn’t dimmed.

“We could,” Cerci says, small smile in the corner of her mouth. “If that’s what you want.”

He laughs. “Yeah it’s—you—you make me so happy,” he gushes without even really meaning to. “I’d—yes, I’d like that. I mean, I don’t a hundred-percent understand how this works but. But I want it.”

She leans forward, kissing is forehead. “We’ll keep talking. We’ll figure it out.”

He nods. “Okay. I like that. I like talking to you.”

She laughs. “Good,” kissing him again, quick, light. Her hands rest on his shoulders. All of this feels entirely surreal and not at all how he imagined anything going tonight. “Speaking of which,” Cerci says after a few seconds. “There is something else.”

Evan can feel his brows drawing together. “Okay?”

“I’m ace.”

He stares.

She stares.

“Um,” Evan manages finally. “That’s…cool?”

“Cool?” Cerci repeats, looking incredibly amused.

Evan wracks his brain, trying to figure out what the hell ace could possibly mean? “Like,” he starts, not entirely sure where he’s going. “So you…you’re into…um…card games?”

There’s a beat of silence before Cerci bursts out laughing. She falls off of Evan and onto the bed, giggling like a little kid. Evan supposes it’s a miracle she’s laughing and not offended. He’ll take what he can get.

“Oh my god,” she gasps, wiping tears from her eyes as she props herself up on her elbows. “Oh my god that’s so good. I’m going to get that on a t-shirt or something.”

“Sorry!” Evan says, half-exasperated, half-laughing along. “I grew up on a farm! I don’t—you have to go slow with me I don’t…I don’t really know any of this stuff.”

“Okay, alright, fair,” still giggling a little. She reaches out and drags Evan down so that they’re both lying on their sides. He barely fits on the bed. “That’s better,” she smiles. “I like being able to see your eyes.”

Evan smiles back, glad that he hasn’t ruined this all with his inexperience.

“So,” Cerci pushes on. “I’m asexual.”

Evan scrunches up his face. “Like a plant?”

Cerci snorts. “Uh, sure, maybe. Like a really cool fun plant though.”

He laughs, unable to help himself. “Of course.”

“But mostly what it means, at least for us, is,” she reaches out, taking his hand from where it lies between them and playing with his fingers. “That I'm not really interested in sex? If that makes sense? I don’t get anything from it, not the way that other people do.”

He watches her trace pathways around his palm. “Oh,” is all he manages to say, not entirely sure how to react. “But…you like…kissing?”

She smiles. “I like kissing. And cuddling. And touching. I like intimacy, and I’m not, you know, I’m not sex adverse. But it isn’t something that I’m interested in doing very often, and even when I am I probably won’t…get-off, the way you do.”

“Right,” Evan nods like he understands.

“So if, you know, if sex is really important to you, then this might not work out. Just, better to make that clear earlier rather than later.” Something in her voice tells him that maybe she hasn’t always known that. That maybe in the past she’s let herself get attached to people who couldn’t get attached back.

“You know,” Evan says after a few seconds. “I’ve never really thought about it.”

“Thought about what?” she asks, index finger running over the hills and valleys of his knuckles.

“Sex, and like, how important it is. Or…yeah. I just never thought about it.”

She hums understandingly, giving him a few more seconds before she asks: “And what are you thinking now?”

He pauses, turning the hand she’s been playing with over and lacing their fingers together. “I think…I just want to be near you really. I like kissing you, I like…holding you. But that’s…I just, I want to be the person you call when you want to go get unicorn ice cream I guess. That’s what I really want,” finally he looks up from their hands to meet her eyes. “Does that make sense?”

Cerci nods. “Yes,” and then she’s scooting forward, burying herself in Evan’s chest, his arms wrapping automatically around her. He smiles into her hair, which has now almost completely come undone.

“Hey Evan?” she says after a few moments.

“Mhm?”

There’s a short pause. And then: “You make me happy too.”

 

 

Part IV Alice

 

Lily

she said we need to talk

 

Alice

well she’s right

 

Lily

but that’s the thing

we haven’t talked  . . .

 

Alice

ah i see

bow chicka wow wow

 

Lily

i wish!

we haven’t done that either!

we’ve just been…normal i guess???

 

Alice

could b worse

 

Lily

well, normal plus sexual tension

 

Alice

oh babe there was always sexual tension

 

Lily

WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME

 

Alice

hahahaha

sorry we thought you knew

 

Lily

:(

well

anyway now idk what to do

 

Alice

put on your big girl pants and talk to her

make the first move

take charge

 

Lily

mary is usually the one who takes charge

 

Alice

yeah well

maybe shes taking her cues from you this time

 

Lily

:(

 

Alice

stop pouting and go makeout with her!!!

k i have to go to work! first day! wish me luck!

 

Lily

oooh have fun with the enemy ;)

 

 

Alice snorts, sliding the phone into her pocket as she looks up at Salazar’s arena—decorated with green and silver, snakes everywhere. She sighs, trying to remind herself that it’s only a sport. That Salazar isn’t actually the enemy. Though she can’t help the small uptick in her pulse as she crosses the threshold.

“Coach Crouch?” she knocks lightly on the open office door, the middle-aged man behind the desk looking briefly up at her and then back at his computer. He has short salt and pepper hair that’s been slicked back from his face, and a very well groomed moustache that makes him resemble the villain in an old silent movie. 

“You’re the new physio then?” he asks, sounding bored.

“Yes sir!”

“Good, you get the tour already?”

“Yes sir,” she isn’t entirely sure why she’s responding to him like he’s a drill sergeant, except that something about him seems to demand it.

“I was surprised we were able to find someone halfway through the season like this. Our last PT got pregnant. Maternity leave. Apparently she couldn’t put it off until after season,” there’s clear distain in his voice. He looks up at Alice again, eyes running her over. “You don’t plan on getting pregnant do you?”

She almost laughs, but it is immediately apparent that he is quite serious. “Er—no,” and when only silence follows she feels compelled to say more: “Definitely not ready for kids sir. Not until things are more settled. My boyfriend’s actually a hockey player, that's why we moved here in the first place, he got drafted by the..." she trails off as it becomes immediately apparent that the man in front of her does not care.     

Crouch stares blankly back at her for a moment, before turning to his computer again. “As long as you don’t get pregnant before the seasons’s over.” Which is apparently the end of the conversation.

 

 

Her office is small, but nice. Walls a generic beige, examination table, desk, computer, a few pieces of equipment against the wall. Just outside there’s a larger room, with more equipment for therapy and special workouts. She can’t help but smile a little. This is her first proper job and it’s…exciting. Terrifying, of course but, exciting. 

She’s only just settled in when the knock on the door comes, she isn’t surprised though. She’d been expecting him. “Come in!” she calls out, spinning around in her office chair to face the door and feeling very professional. 

The boy who walks in is in gym shorts and a sweatshirt with Salazar’s logo on the front. His hair and eyes are dark, his face pale. The bags under his eyes so heavy they look like bruises.  

“You must be Barty,” she smiles, standing up and offering him her hand. “I’m Alice.” He gives her an empty stare, eyes flicking to her hand before he steps around her and sits down on the examination table.

“I’m here about my knee,” he says, without any further introduction. “With the old PT—“

“Gillian?”

“If you say so,” he says dismissively. “I would come in three times a week for private sessions, we’d work on my range of motion, strengthening, and then do some retrograde and cross-friction massages,” he glances at Alice for the first time, having said all of this to the wall in front of him. “Do you need to write this down?”

“It’s in your file,” she gestures vaguely to her desk. And then, because she can’t quite let it go: “You worked with her three times a week and you didn’t know her name?”

Barty just stares blankly back at her. “Why would I know her name?” the thing is, he doesn’t sound cruel when he says it. Almost like he’s asking a genuine question. “Would knowing her name help fix my knee?”

Alice huffs. “No, but it’d be nice.”

Same blank stare. “I don’t really see the point in being nice. It’s a waste of my time and yours.”

Well. He certainly doesn’t mince his words. “Okay,” she exhales, trying to recalibrate. “Well, before we just jump back into your old program, I’d like to do an examination of my own if you don’t mind? Just so I can get a proper sense of things, make adjustments if I think they’re needed?”

Barty seems to consider this for a moment before giving her a curt nod. “Fine.”

The scarring around his knee is quite severe, Alice is gentle as she removes the athletic tape that’s already there, Barty leaning back on the examination table as she bends and stretches it. Testing its flexibility. He doesn’t wince once. Never complains about the pain even when she knows it must be hurting. Can feel the muscles tensing and shaking under her careful grip.

All and all she doesn’t find anything out of the ordinary. At least, not until she starts taking his vitals. Which isn’t, strictly speaking, necessary, but she’s just trying to cover her bases here. And it’s a damn good thing too because she has to check the numbers on the sphygmomanometer several times to make sure she’s seeing them right.

“Are you feeling okay?” she asks as casually as possible, walking over to her desk to write the number down before coming back to take his pulse. 

“Fine.”

“Because your blood pressure and your heart rate are lower than I would expect them to be,” she checks his eyes for any signs of disorientation or distress, but doesn’t find any.

“It’s my medication,” he says, matter of factly.

She gives him a curious look before going back to her desk, flipping through his file. “There’s nothing here about any medication.”

“I didn’t think pharmaceuticals were the purview of physiotherapists.”

God he’s a brat, she can’t help but think, biting her tongue as she looks back at him and, in her most professional voice, says: “It’s helpful for me to know what you’re on, so that I can keep an eye on any side-effects like low-pressure or heart rate that might put you in danger out on the ice.”

“It’s not going to effect my game,” he says flatly.

Yeah, that’s not really for you to decide kid, she doesn’t say. “What is the medication for?” she asks instead. “What’s it called?”

Barty doesn’t answer right away, staring straight ahead at the wall again, back painfully straight. Everything about him is so tightly held in place it’s almost uncomfortable to look at him. “You should talk to my dad about that,” he says finally.

“Your dad? The coach you mean?”

“Yes.”

And Alice isn’t exactly sure why that makes her uneasy but it does. “Has he told you not to speak about it?” 

Barty is still staring at the wall. “You should just talk to him. That’s it,” and before Alice can push anymore. “Are we done here?”

“Er—“ trying to get her composure back. “Yes, I guess.”

He nods, pushing himself off the examination table and turning to her. “I’m assuming we’re keeping the same schedule? Three days a week?”

“I think that makes sense,” still feeling slightly wrong footed. 

“Good. I’ll see you on Wednesday then,” and with that he leaves the room.

 

 

“I’m telling you Frank,” she sits at the tiny table in their apartment living room, on knee up, shovelling spaghetti into her mouth in a way that always makes Frank sigh. He must have the best manners of any hockey player she has ever met. “Something is up.”

“Did you talk to his dad?”

She snorts, wiping tomato sauce off her chin. “Yeah—he’s a tool by the way.”

Frank gives her a small smile. “Hockey coaches aren’t exactly known for their winning personalities.”

She looks heavenward. “Amen. Anyway, he basically said it was none of my business.”

“Well…”

“Well?  What do you mean well!” she jabs her fork at him indignantly. “I’m responsible for the players’ health.”

Frank looks at her across the table. “Don’t take this the wrong way.”

“Too late, I’m already offended.” And when he just arches his brow she sighs and waves her hand for him to continue.

“You’re a university physiotherapist. You’re not exactly entitled to students’ private medical histories.”

She frowns at him. “I am if it’s putting him in danger out on the ice.”

“Is it?”

“His blood pressure is low Frank, freakishly low, I’d bet money they’re pumping him full of some kind of opioid for his knee.”

Frank chews his dinner, considering this. “Well, possibly.”

She jabs her fork at him again. “See! Isn’t that my business?” 

Frank sighs, leaning back in his chair. “Look, Alice, Crouch isn’t like every other player. There have been people making bets on that kid since he was twelve years old, and it really screwed up a lot of people’s plans when he got hurt before the draft last year.”

“Screwed up people’s plans?” she demands incredulously. “What about the eighteen year old boy who had his knee cap fucking shattered? I think that might be a little more important than the plans of a bunch of rich franchise owners don’t you?”

Franks holds up his hands in surrender. “I’m not saying it’s right, I’m just saying it’s true. The kid has walls built around him. People who are gonna do everything they can to make sure he gets that number one spot this year, his dad more than anyone. So just, be careful, okay?” She pokes petulantly at her pasta. “Okay Alice?”

“Yes, fine. Okay.”

 

 

There’s a pair of boys in the hallway when she goes into work the next day. She doesn’t recognize them immediately, but she does pick up on the aggressive way the taller one is caging the smaller one in. Trapping him against the wall. Looming over him. They’re both in spandex and pads, half-dressed for practice.

“Hey,” she calls out, causing them to whip their heads towards her. “Everything okay guys?” the smaller one looks terrified, quickly turning and heading back into the locker room.

Alice frowns, stepping forward, but her path is immediately impeded by the remaining boy; Tom Riddle, the captain. He’s a handsome guy, symmetrical face, full lips, strong jaw. He smiles at her.

“I don’t think we’ve met yet,” he says smoothly, offering her his hand. “I’m Tom.” There is something slightly unnerving about the way his smile doesn’t reach his eyes.

“Alice,” she says, taking his hand.

“The new PT right? We’re so grateful you could take Gillian’s place on such short notice, we’re hoping to make it to the finals this year and we couldn’t do it without you.”

She gives him a slightly awkward smile back. “Well, I’ll do my best to help. What was wrong with your friend,” she nods over his shoulder towards the locker room. “He seemed a bit scared.”

“Who? Dolohov? He’s just nervous about the game tomorrow is all,” he smiles at her again. It is no less unsettling the second time around. “Well, I better finish getting changed. But it was lovely to meet you.”

“Er—right, lovely to meet you too,” she says, watching him disappear down the hall. A bad feeling in the pit of her stomach.   

 

 

When Barty shows up for their next appointment he doesn’t say anything to her before lying down on the examination table. Rolling her eyes she gets to work, removing the old athletic tape, stretching out his leg.

“So you guys are doing well this season,” she tries, glancing up at his face. His expression is just as it was last time—blank—eyes on the ceiling. “The way things are going it looks like you and Godric are going to be facing off in the Frozen Four huh? Bet everyone’s excited about that. What with the rivalry and everything.” Still nothing. “It’ll be weird for me,” she goes on anyway. “I’m so used to cheering for Godric.”

She actually feels it, the shift in Barty’s attention. His eyes glancing down at her. “You’re from Godric?” she can’t quite read his tone.

“I am.” 

There’s a moment of silence, and Alice thinks that’s going to be the end of it when: “You know the team?”

“Yeah,” a little surprised, and entirely unsure where this is going. “A couple of my friends are on it, actually.”

There’s something about the expression he makes then, and it’s so hard to explain, because it isn’t quite an emotion, but more, just, that he suddenly looks human. Teeth biting into his lower lip.

“Do you know Evan Rosier?”

Alice pauses for a moment, trying to think. “You mean the rookie? Rosy?”

“Yeah,” something rough in his voice.

Alice nods slowly. “Not personally but, James, the captain, he won’t shut-up about him. I think they’re really impressed by him.”

Barty snorts. “Well they don’t show it.”

Alice stretches his leg out straight, reaching for the tape. “What makes you say that?”

“They’re still using him like he’s a stay-at-home D-man. But he isn’t. He has the skill of a forward, his hands are beautiful. He would be scoring more goals for them if they would let him.” It’s the most passionate Alice has heard him be about anything.   

“You think they should be treating him as a two-way?” she asks.

“Absolutely,” he says emphatically. “Everyone just sees his size and they don’t pay attention to the rest of it. They undervalue him. He’s the best player on that team. Better than Black and Potter.”

“Those are big words,” as she finishes tapping his knee.

“It’s just the truth,” he says, sitting up.

She smiles. “You guys play together or something? Is that why you know him so well? You and Ro—Evan?” 

Barty flinches. Which is honestly almost shocking. Through all the exercises and discomfort he experiences in this room, she hasn’t seen him flinch once. And yet at the mention of playing with Evan Rosier…Barty looks away from her again. “Yeah,” he says finally, talking to the wall the way he normally does. “We played together for a bit.”

Alice doesn’t quite understand what’s happened, but she tries to tread carefully. “Well, he’s lucky to have someone who believes in him so much.”

But it’s too late, Barty’s expression has grown hard again. “Are we done?”

“Yes, we’re done.”

“Good,” he doesn’t look at her on his way out of the room.

 

 

It’s a few days later that she sees it again. Riddle, this time accompanied by his winger Lestrange, crowding around one of the younger players. Shoving him back and forth. Taunting him. Alice can’t tell exactly what they’re saying, but she can see the terrified look on the kid’s face, and the sneer in Riddle’s eyes.

She’s about to take these little fucker’s apart when another voice beats her to it:

“Riddle, Lestrange!”

The boys stop, Lestrange grabbing the younger player by the collar of his jersey like he’s worried he’s going to try and run away. At the other end of the hallway is Barty, fully dressed in his gear, expression blank as always.

“Practice is starting.”

“Listen superstar, just because your daddy’s the coach—“ but Lestrange cuts off as Riddle raises his hand.

“Now, now, Barty here has a point. Wouldn’t want to be late for practice now would we,” his voice is just as smooth as it had been the other day, and it sends a chill down Alice’s spine, setting her on edge.

“Always the voice of reason Riddle,” Barty says flatly.

“I’m glad you think so,” Tom’s smile is made of teeth.

A few seconds pass before Lestrange decides to pipe up again. “Well you heard ‘em,” he says, shoving the boy he’s been holding forward with enough force that he stumbles to his knees. “Get to practice rookie,” he laughs as he steps over him, Riddle and Barty both walking away without even giving the kid on the ground a second glance.

 

 

“I like your necklace.”

Alice blinks, looking down at the small butterfly pendant hanging around her neck. It’s the first time Barty has ever willingly spoken to her.

“Thank you?” she says, looking back up to find his eyes still trained on the piece of jewellery. It’s the end of their session, and she’s honestly surprised he isn’t already out the door. “So,” she goes on when he doesn’t say anything else. “I’d like you to keep doing those band exercises in between our sessions, ten minute intervals like we did today, they should help get your strength up.”

He finally looks away from the necklace and back at the wall, nodding his head. And really, Alice should just leave it, but she can’t help but push, only a little.

“I saw what you did yesterday.”

“On the ice?” he says blankly, Alice almost laughs.

“No. In the hallway,” he looks at her, confused. “With Riddle and Lestrange?”

The confusion does not leave his face. “I told them to get to practice?”

“You protected your teammate.”

He looks at her for several more seconds before shaking his head. “You’ve misunderstood.”

“Have I?”

“I’m not interested in protecting anyone. All I care about, is that Riddle’s pathological need to be in control doesn’t interfere with our game.”

“Is that what you think it is?” Alice asks, genuinely curious. She leans against the wall across from him, the one Barty loves to stare at so often. “A need to feel in control? That’s why he bullies the younger boys?”

Barty rolls his eyes. “It’s not bullying.”

“Really?”

“You need to be a fighter in this sport. You need to be able to take shit and give shit. So the older players teach you.”

“By breaking you down?”

“By making you tough,” he corrects. “By teaching you your place. Teaching you respect.”

Alice stares at him for a long moment, his voice is still level, his expression mostly passive, but every now and then little bits of emotion slip through.

“And what about you?” she asks finally.

“What about me?”

“You’re a rookie too, but from what I’ve seen the older players give you a wide berth.”

“Well,” and now he sounds almost tired. “I’m different.”

“Different?”

“I’ve been the best player on every team since I was in elementary school. I’m different.”

Alice nods slowly. And then: “Sounds lonely.”

“It—“ but he stops himself. Expression going blank again. “Are we done?”

Alice tries not to grimace. She wants so badly for him to finish that sentence. But instead she gestures towards the door, and in the blink of an eye it’s closing behind him.

 

 

That night she googles him.

Barty Crouch Jr.

There are hundreds of pictures: regular season games, tournaments, award ceremonies, and article after article about his injury. Footage of that too. Alice watches. It takes her a few tries to do it without flinching. Without closing her eyes. But eventually she makes it all the way through. She watches Barty circle back in front of his own net, watches him stand between his goalie and a slap shot. Watches him crumple to the ground when it hits his knees. In the videos that don’t have music you can hear him scream.

It takes a few times before something sticks out to her. It’s the last name on the jersey of the player who gets to him first. Who refuses to move even when the trainers try to push him away. Who follows Barty all the way to the edge of the ice as they carry him out on a spinal board.

Rosier.    

She starts looking further back. There’s a TV special on a thirteen year old Barty Crouch, playing in a league with boys three or four years older. They show him on the ice, looking so small, but moving through opposing players like it’s easy.

“Barty Crouch,” says the narrator, “is being called one of the best prospects in NHL history. And like many before him, he receives his fair share of on ice attention.”

It cuts to a series of clips of a small Barty Crouch being tripped and shoved and slammed into the boards by players bigger and older than him. And then suddenly his face appears on the screen and Alice actually thinks she makes a little noise because, well, he just looks so…young. His whole face is softer, but especially his eyes, and they flick behind the camera every once and a while, like he’s looking for someone’s approval. Or maybe someone’s help. Still, when he answers the questions there’s no stuttering, no second guessing. Like hearing a grown man’s words out of a boy’s mouth.

“Everybody has a role to play,” he says seriously. “My role is making things happen and scoring goals, and if the other team is doing things to prevent me from doing that, then it’s not them I’m mad at. All it means is that they’re doing their job and I’m not doing mine.”

She can’t help but think of their conversation earlier that day. About the shit you have to take in this game.

“Even though it’s his father who was drafted by the NHL,” the narrator goes on. “When asked who his biggest fan is, Crouch didn’t hesitate.”

It cuts back to the footage of Barty, and a tiny smile flickers across his face. Alice realizes that it’s the first time she’s ever seen him smile. “My mom is my biggest fan,” the little kid on the screen says. “For sure. My dad is my coach but my mom just loves to watch me play. She even makes signs and stuff.”

There’s footage of his mother in the crowd, she wears bright clothing—purple and pink and blue jackets—her hair is long, usually tumbling out of a tuque. In one shot she’s holding up a homemade sign, just like Barty said. It’s Bristol board, and in the corners, Alice thinks she can see the outlines of butterflies.

She pauses the video, hand going to her necklace.

It doesn’t take much more digging to find the articles about his mum’s death. Or, more horrifying, the news coverage of it. The photo’s of what can only be a fifteen year old Barty in a black suit attending his mother’s funeral. Perhaps the most heartbreaking, is an article claiming that the day after his mother’s death, his father made him play in a hockey tournament.

Alice closes her laptop.

  

 

When Barty Crouch walks into her office two days later he doesn’t acknowledge her—because he never does—going straight for the examination table. Alice is by her desk, reviewing her notes from their last session. When she turns around she finds Barty still standing, something in his hands.

She does her best to keep her voice neutral. “Everything okay?”

He doesn’t answer right away, still looking down. “What is this?” he asks eventually, before holding up the butterfly necklace she’d been wearing the other day. It’s nothing flashy, just a simple gold chain with a golden pendant in the shape of a butterfly. She shrugs.

“You liked it, so I thought maybe you’d want it. Butterflies are supposed to be good luck aren’t they?”

“White butterflies,” he murmurs, looking back down at the necklace. “When you see them in threes.”

She doesn’t ask how he knows that. “Ah,” she says instead. “Still, might be lucky anyway?”

He keeps staring at it, and she can tell that he wants to refuse, wants to shove it back at her. And yet— “Thank you,” the words sound so painfully awkward coming out of his mouth. Stiff and stilted and unnatural. Alice wants to smile, but she doesn’t. Has a feeling any big reaction might scare him off. So instead she just nods.

“Sure,” then, gesturing to the table. “Shall we?” She doesn’t miss the way he slips the necklace over his head.

Okay Barty Crouch,

she thinks.

I’ll find your heart yet.

 

 
Notes:

    WOW

    hi

    it has been YEARS (a month) but we're back baby!!!!!!!!

    i feel like this chapter has a bit of everything, some angst, some goofs, some romance, new characters (ish)

    many a plot were thickened and will continue to be thickened so, stay tuned for hopefully a much more speedy update!!!!!!

    BYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :)

Chapter 20
Summary:

    He thinks that this is where he will live for the rest of his life.

Notes:

    tw explicit sexual content
    tw mental health / body image stuff (like barely, vaguely, but technically I think it is there)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I James

His heart does something unhealthy when he opens the door to his room and finds Regulus sitting on his bed. Laptop open. Books spread around him. He said he would be there, and it’s not that James thought he wouldn’t be. But at the same time…they’ve felt so out of sync recently. Or maybe they’ve never felt in sync in the first place. And so to find him there. So comfortable in James’s space. Waiting for him. Like he wants to see him. It’s…yeah. It’s heady. 

Regulus looks up, smiles a little shyly. “Hi.”

“Hi,” James says back.

A second passes before: “You—uh—you gonna close the door?”

James blinks, suddenly realizing that he’s just standing in the open doorway, hand still on the doorknob. “Shit—yeah,” laughing nervously as he walks further into the room. He puts his stuff down, kicking his shoes off.

“Cerci texted me,” Regulus says, packing up his books. “Congrats on the win.”

James beams. “Thanks. The team is really coming together, you know? Like me and and Sirius have always connected but now it feels like everyone else is on our level and just…I’m excited.”

Regulus sits back up after shoving his laptop into his bag. He smiles at James, reserved, always reserved. But still sincere. “I’m glad.”

“Yeah,” suddenly embarrassed. “Yeah me too.” 

The adrenaline is still coursing through James, the post-game exhaustion not quite hitting him yet. He feels like he’s buzzing. Breathless. And Regulus is just…fuck he’s so beautiful.

“Are you tired?” Regulus asks, because of course James has let the silence stretch on too long. Distracted. “I can go if—“

“Can I kiss you?” James interrupts. He doesn’t usually ask the people he’s dating if he can kiss them, at least not after the first time, but it’s difficult to tell with Regulus, what’s going to scare him off.

Regulus looks startled for about a second before nodding. “Yeah. Yes. Please.”

James smiles. “Please?”

Regulus blushes ducking his head. “Shut-up.”

“Very polite of you,” he says, hand snaking up Regulus’s neck, holding his face, tilting it towards him, forcing the other boy to lift his eyes.

“Don’t tease me,” Regulus says, breathless.

“Why not?” James leans in slow, their noses nearly brushing. He doesn’t miss the way Regulus's eyes dip down to his lips.

“It’s not fair.”

“No?"

Regulus shakes his head, gaze meeting James’s again, and the vulnerability in his eyes takes James by surprise, makes the air catch in his chest. “I want you too much.”

He doesn’t know which one of them moves first. But they’re kissing now. James’s hand in Regulus's hair, pulling without even really meaning to. Regulus’s moan cuts off the apology on his lips. He smiles as he does it again, Regulus’s head tilting back and allowing James’s mouth to make a slow path down his neck.

There’s a vague, distant, part of James’s brain that thinks that maybe they’re going a bit too fast. But he’s still so amped from the game, and it’s been so long since he’s had Regulus like this, under his hands. Under his mouth. Between his teeth. Everything has been so sad and twisted inside him since Christmas. Between his father and the party, it’s been so hard to remember what was good about this.

And then today Regulus showed up at his door. And it all came rushing back. How much this sparks and flashes and sets him on fire. For someone who’s so cold Regulus burns hot. James has his hands under Regulus’s shirt, running up and down his sides, over his chest. He tries to pull Regulus’s shirt off but the other boy stops him, and then suddenly they’re flipped—James on his back, Regulus above him, straddling his hips. 

His mouth is hot and sharp. Sometimes kissing Regulus feels like being dressed down. Picked apart. Laid bare. James would crack his chest open for him if that’s what he wanted. If he asked. There is something wild between them, something James has never felt before. It scares him a bit, if he’s honest. His hands find their way under Regulus’s shirt again, up his back, he can feel the notches of his spine and something in him aches. He thinks of Regulus that day before the break, exhausted and barely standing.

“You have to take care of yourself, okay?”

“Why?”

“Regulus.”   

“Regulus,” he echoes, murmuring the name into the younger boy’s mouth. But whatever he was about to say next disappears when Regulus grinds down into him. Pressing them together. “Fuck,” the word punches out of James, eyes rolling back into his head. Regulus hums in agreement, nipping at his jaw. He shoves James’s shirt up to his chest and James obediently lifts his arms, letting Regulus’s pull it all the way off.

For a second afterwards Regulus’s pauses, both of them breathing heavy, Regulus’s eyes roaming over James’s torso, fingers feather light as they skate across his skin, making him shiver.

“You remember the day we met—met properly?” he says, and James struggles to focus.

“Yeah, of course.”

Regulus’s thumb brushes one of James’s nipples making him squirm underneath him. It’s not enough. The suggestion of something James is desperate to have more of. “You were shirtless,” Regulus goes on.

James laughs breathlessly. “Yeah, I remember. You gave me shit for it.”

“It was so mean,” he takes James’s nipple between his fingers and twists, causing James to hiss. “I had no idea where to look.”

James’s hands are on Regulus’s hips, gripping him tightly. “Me,” he manages to get out, and finally Regulus’s eyes meet his. “Look at me. Please look at me,” he’s almost whining. They’re kissing again. Desperate, messy, filthy kisses.

               

        Oh darling.

                               

                           Oh love.

                                             

                                         Oh sweetheart.

 

                                                     Let met eat you.                              

 

                                    Let me have you.     

 

                 Let me take such

 

          good,

                

                       good care of you.

 

                                                Oh please.

 

Regulus kisses down his neck, the tops of his shoulders, his chest, his stomach. James is dying. He’s in heaven. His hands are in Regulus’s hair, dragging up his back. Grabbing and pulling and pushing. Regulus fumbles with James’s belt—without thinking James starts to help. Skin and touch and more, are all he can think. The pair of them get his pants off, his boxers, until Regulus is kneeling between his naked thighs, still fully clothed. He reaches out, gently tracing the large bruise already purpling on James’s hip from a hit he took during the game.

“Looks worse than it is,” James says, once he’s able to work moisture back into his mouth. Regulus frowns down at it, before bending over and gently kissing it. James’s breath hitches, and Regulus’s grey eyes flash up to his face.

“If I’d been on the ice I would have killed the guy who did this.”

James swallows, “Yeah?” voice a little shaky.

“Yes. Anyone who touched you.”

And he believes him.

He saw Regulus the day they brought Rosy to the hospital. Saw him knock Nick out. James groans as Regulus’s thumb presses lightly into his bruise and a wave of sore, sweet pain washes over him, head dropping back against the pillows. “C’mon here,” he slurs, tugging on Regulus’s shoulders. “Fucking—“ and then Regulus is hovering above him, and James reaches up. Goes the whole way on his own, not making Regulus move a muscle. He’ll always reach for him. Because he will never have enough of Regulus.

They’re kissing, James’s hands pushing on Regulus’s shirt. Regulus shakes his head, pulling back. “No I—“ he’s breathing heavy, that squirrelly look in his eyes he gets sometimes right before he’s going to run.

“Hey,” James says softly, holding Regulus’s face. “Hey, it’s okay,” and then: “Shirt stays on?”

Regulus swallows, closing his eyes. “Sorry,” he whispers, face scrunched. “It’s—I just—I don’t like being looked at.”

“It’s okay, that’s okay,” hands still holding him, thumbs gently brushing his cheeks. He gives Regulus a few more seconds before he asks: “Do you wanna stop? I don’t mind.”

Regulus huffs, eyes still closed. “How could you not mind?”

“I don’t Regulus, it’s all cool with me, whatever you want. As long as you’re okay I’m okay.”

Regulus’s mouth wobbles for a moment, and James keeps waiting—quiet, patient, slowing his breathing down. Eventually Regulus opens his eyes again and James can’t help but smile.

“You’re so hot, you know that?”

Regulus laughs, the sound a bit choked. “Shut-up.”

“I’m just telling you the truth dude.”

Regulus rolls his eyes, “You don’t get to call me dude while your dick’s out.”

James’s smile grows. “Oh c’mon, don’t pretend like it doesn’t do it for you just a little. Dude.”

“It does not do anything for me.”

“Liar,” James teases, finally dropping his hands away from Regulus’s face, but the younger boy catches one of them. He looks at it for a moment, and at first James thinks he’s just going to hold it, but then Regulus lifts it to his mouth, making direct eye contact with James.

“Maybe,” he says finally, before sucking James’s fingers between his lips.

“Oh fuck,” James moans, eyes fluttering, threatening to close, but he doesn’t let them, doesn’t want to lose sight of Regulus sucking on his fucking fingers. After a second or two Regulus lets them fall out of his mouth with an obscene pop.

“I don’t want to stop,”  Regulus says.

James exhales, trying to get his brain working again. “Okay, cool. Whatever you want Reg.”

“I want to make you come.”

James actually bursts out laughing. He thinks it’s mostly due to some kind of delusional happiness. Sensory overload. Who knows. Regulus frowns down at him.

“That wasn’t supposed to be funny.”

James is still a little hysterical, bringing his hand up to cover his eyes. “No, it wasn’t, it really wasn’t I just. You’re going to kill me Regulus holy shit.” A few seconds pass while James struggles to get himself back under control.

“Is that good or bad?” Regulus asks finally.

James pulls his hand away from his face, looking up at the boy above him. “Good. So fucking good.”

Regulus gives him a faint smile that is quickly replaced by a more serious expression. “I’ve never done this before.”

James nods. “I know,” and then: “Me either, really.”

That helps, Regulus exhaling, some of the tension easing out of his shoulders. “Okay,” though he seems at a bit of a loss for where to start now.

“Kiss me?” James asks.

Regulus does, slower and softer than before, easing them back into it. Eventually, the kisses start to get deeper, James letting Regulus lead. The younger boy slides his hands up James’s sides, making him shiver, kissing along his jaw, down his neck. “You smell like the rink,” he says, teeth grazing James’s nipple.

James huffs. “Sexy.”

There’s a pause and then, “It is kinda.” James looks down at him, at the blush on the tops of his cheeks.

“You got a hockey kink Black?” Regulus rolls his eyes and James grins. “If you want I can go get my jersey?” he feels Regulus react to that above him, the suggestion making him tremble as the blush on his cheeks grows deeper. James almost starts giggling again. “Holy shit, really?”

“Shut-up.”

James is about to quip back when suddenly a warm hand wraps around his dick and all the air leaves his chest, head thunking back against the pillows. It’s dry and too gentle but honestly the fact that it’s Regulus almost makes it enough anyway.

“Like this?” the other boy asks, sounding so genuinely concerned that he’s doing it wrong that James’s chest aches.

“It’s good Reg, you’re so good just—“ it’s hard to concentrate. “Tighter,” James manages. “Faster.”

There’s a pause. “Show me?”

James opens his eyes, a strangely powerful wave of desire burning through him. He looks up at Regulus, cheeks so pink, lips wet, he hasn’t taken his hand off of James, and doesn’t, even when James reaches out, wrapping his own fingers around Regulus’s. They’re moving together. Stroking him off together. Eyes locked. It’s the hottest most intense fucking thing James has ever experienced. His breath coming faster as every inch of his skin tingles and crackles under Regulus’s gaze. Under his weight. His touch. The feeling building and pushing. It’s unbearable. It’s taking him apart. 

Oh god.

Oh god.

I love you so much.

I wish you could love me back.

He does try to warn Regulus. Except that when he opens his mouth it’s just a desperate noise that makes it out. Regulus keeps stroking until James has to physically stop him because it’s too much. He feels shaky and light and he struggles to catch his breath.

“That was okay?” Regulus asks.

James laughs, unable to manage anything more articulate as he tugs Regulus down into a kiss. “Amazing,” he mumbles against his lips. “You’re amazing.”

Regulus huffs. “Yeah okay.”

“You are.”

The other boy rolls his eyes, pulling himself off of James to lie beside him. James turns to look at him, the colour is high in Regulus’s cheeks, the bulge clear in his jeans.

“Reg?” It takes a few seconds before Regulus looks at him again. “You want me to take care of that?” he asks, nodding at the “that” in question.

Regulus just keeps looking at him, eyes big. “I don’t know,” he says finally, and James isn’t sure he’s ever heard anyone mean that more. 

“Okay, that’s okay.”

Regulus laughs, bringing his arm up to cover his eyes. “Sorry.”

“Regulus—“

“I don’t know why this is so hard for me.”

“It’s hard for everyone the first few times.”

Regulus shakes his head. “You’re lying.”

“I’m not.”

“It isn’t like this. It can’t be like this.”

James pauses, watching the boy in front of him, trying to figure out how to ask his next question. He wants to reach out, wants to touch Regulus, wants to pull him in and cover him in kisses. Wants to make him feel good. But he doesn’t. Isn’t sure that Regulus would want any of that.

“What is it,” he starts eventually, “that you’re…you know…afraid of?” they've talked about this. And they haven't. It's hard with Reg sometimes, to ever really understand what he feels. Because he's always holding so much back.  

Regulus is still covering his face. “I don’t know.”

“Is it just—do you not—you know, like sex? Cause that’s a thing right? I think? Like some people just don’t…” he trails off, Regulus shaking his head.

“It’s not—it’s not sex.”

James finds that a little hard to believe but he doesn’t say so. “It isn’t?”

Regulus shakes his head again, and then, dropping his arm. “I don’t hate sex.”

“Okay,” James says, because he’s not sure what else to say.

“I hate me.”

Oh.

“I hate me,” Regulus goes on, talking to the ceiling, James looking at his profile. “And I can’t pretend I don’t exist when you’re touching me.”   

oh.

James can’t stop his voice from cracking when he asks: “You don’t want to exist?”

The corner of Regulus’s mouth twitches. “Not particularly.”

“Regulus—“

“It’s fine. It’s not—“ he closes his eyes for a moment. “I just find it easier, not to think about myself. And then all of a sudden your hands are on me, and it becomes so…unavoidable.”

James wishes he knew what to say. Wishes he knew the words to make Regulus understand how very very happy James is that he exists. He opens his mouth and then closes it again. He understands what Regulus is saying but he can’t relate, and that makes this so hard.

“Is there anything I can do,” he asks finally. “To make you feel good?”

A long moment passes, Regulus just staring above them. “You wanna know the truth?”

“Yes,” James says, without hesitating.

“I don’t think I’ve ever felt good.”

God.

Regulus smiles dryly. “I wouldn’t even know where to start. How to—“ he pauses for a moment, and then something in his expression hardens a bit, and he turns to James. “You need to know. You can’t fix me.”

James frowns. “What do you mean?”

“I mean,” he goes on, colour high in his cheeks. “This—all my—my shit? My crazy fucked up shit? It doesn’t go away. It doesn’t get better. I’m never not going to be like this. Drugs, therapy, hospitals—I’ve tried all of it, and none of it works. So just…if you’re looking at me and you’re thinking, one day this will be easier, I’m telling you it won’t,” James is so unprepared for this conversation that he doesn’t know what to say, Regulus exhaling, eyes going back to the ceiling.

“I don’t have anything for you to fix James,” he goes on, sounding defeated. “I only have things for you to endure.”

James stares at him, probably for a whole minute, before he shuffles closer, reaching out tentatively and running his hand through Regulus’s hair. The younger boy’s eyes flutter closed.

“Does this feel good?” James asks quietly.

Regulus sighs. “Yeah. Yeah this feels good.”

He keeps combing his hands through Regulus’s hair, slow, leisurely, and then after a few minutes he leans down and presses a gentle kiss to Regulus’s forehead. The tops of his cheeks. The corner of his mouth. His nose.

“And this?” James whispers.

Regulus’s mouth twitches, eyes still closed. “This too.”

James smiles even though Regulus can’t see. “Then this is what we’ll do.”

Regulus huffs. “Just this?”

“We’ll piece it together, bit by bit, figure out what you like. We have time.”

Regulus’s face scrunches. “Until you leave.”

James is glad Regulus can’t see the pain he’s sure is plain on his own face. Instead he leans down, gently kissing both of Regulus’s eyelids. “We have time,” he whispers.

He thinks Regulus is going to argue but instead he sighs, relaxing further into the pillows, James pulling the blankets up around them with his free hand.

“You should put on some clothes…in case someone…comes by,” Regulus yawns, sounding exhausted. Though he still manages to wrinkle his nose when he says: “And shower.”

James laughs quietly. “In a minute,” he doesn’t want to leave this bed yet. This moment. Doesn’t want to stop touching him. “Reg?” he asks after a few minutes.

“Hmm?” the younger boy says.

James swallows. “I don’t want to fix you,” he says, thumb brushing Regulus’s temple. “I don’t want to change anything about you.”

There’s a long pause, so long James thinks Regulus has fallen asleep.

And then:

“You should.”

 

 

Part II Lily   

Lily’s being a little bitch. She knows that. It’s just that everything suddenly feels a lot more complicated than it had when she was drunk in the Potter’s backyard. She has no idea how to even bring it up to Mary, who has been walking around for the past few weeks like nothing happened. To be fair, Lily has too, despite being painfully aware at all times that something has, in fact, happened. She feels like she’s going to explode every time her and Mary are alone in a room together. They’ll be picking her out of the walls for years.

She stares at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. She’s been giving herself a pep talk for the last twenty minutes or so. Which is ridiculous, because it’s Mary. She knows Mary. She can tell her things—has always told her things. This shouldn’t be any different. Unfortunately, the Pop Rocks in her belly disagree. She grabs hold of the sink, glaring at her own face.

“You can do this.”

Maybe. Hopefully.

“What’s the worst that could happen?”

Things become unbearably awkward. Mary wants nothing to do with you. And you lose her forever.

“It’s going to be fine.”

Or a disaster. A colossal. Epic. Cautionary-tale-level disaster.

 

 

“Yeah?” Mary calls out when Lily knocks on her bedroom door several minutes later, palms clammy, stomach threatening to do something unpleasant. She takes a deep breath, forcing herself to step inside. Mary’s sitting at her desk, laptop open, pen in her mouth—Mary chews the caps. It’s disgusting. Lily’s been trying to get her to stop since first year but it’s a lost cause.

Lily considers sitting on the bed but that feels too far away and also…weirdly…suggestive. So she sits on the floor instead, crossing her legs and looking up at Mary. Mary doesn’t take her eyes off the screen in front of her. “Can I help you?” still with the pen in her mouth. Lily thinks about ripping it out. Thinks about giving her something else to suck on.

Which.

Is not helpful.

“Oi? Pippi Longstocking?”

Lily blinks, a startled laugh bubbling out of her mouth. “Pippi Longstocking?” she demands. “Really? A world of red head references for you to choose from and that’s the one you go with?”

Mary shrugs. “Your sock don’t match. Seemed appropriate.”

“What? Yes they—“ except that, when Lily looks down she finds, to her horror, that Mary is right. “How did you even notice that!” she demands indignantly. “You’re not even looking at me.”

Mary shrugs, typing something out on her computer. “I’m always looking at you.”

It’s said so casually, no shift in expression, or tone, that for a second Lily is almost positive she’s misheard. She opens and closes her mouth, heart beating fast in her chest. “Oh,” she manages finally. Silence fills the room for several seconds after that before she finally manages to clear her throat. “You said we should talk.”

Mary freezes for a moment, taking the pen out of her mouth as she finally looks at Lily, brow arched. Mary has particularly spectacular eyebrows. They look like they’ve been sculpted. Lily would tell her so, if it didn’t sound so fucking weird. “You wanna talk?”

Lily huffs, blowing a strand of hair off her face. “Well, no, I mean, yes. I—God, I don’t know," throwing her arms in the air in exasperation. "Mostly I’d just really like to make out with you again. And I’m trying to figure out how.” She grimaces. That's not exactly how she planned to start this. 

Mary keeps giving her that infuriating look. “You need step by step instructions?”

It’s meant to be a dig. But. Well. It does sound a little hot. “Don’t be a bitch.”

“I’m just trying to make sure I understand.”

Lily sighs, collapsing onto her back and staring up at the ceiling. She takes a second before finally speaking: “Alice said there’s always been sexual tension between us.”

“Did she,” Mary says flatly.

Lily props herself up on her elbows to look at her. “Was she right?”

“Right?”

“Yes. Has there always been sexual tension?”

Mary looks at her for a long moment, longer than Lily would like honestly, it’s starting to make her squirm. “What exactly are you asking Lily?”

She sighs again, collapsing back onto the ground. “I’m asking,” she says, frustrated. “I’m asking if I’ve been missing something? Because I didn’t know—I didn’t think—I mean, I didn’t really think there was tension.”

“You kissed me.”

“I know.”

“So clearly you felt something.”

“Yeah well, then I did, sure. But it’s like…I haven’t been sitting around pining or anything. It all felt very…sudden.”

Mary doesn’t respond. Doesn’t respond for a long time. “Mary?” Lily asks finally, squinting up at the ceiling.

“Yes.”

She sighs. “So did I miss something?”

Another pause, this one blessedly shorter. “Yes.”

“Yes?”

“Yes,” and it would be so like Mary to leave it at that. But, surprisingly, she doesn’t. “I’ve wanted you for years.”

Lily snorts. “C’mon, I’m trying to be serious here.”

“I’m not joking.”

Which is a statement that takes Lily longer than it should to fully grasp. “What?” she says eventually. And when Mary doesn’t say anything Lily sits all the way up again, finding the other girl looking back at her, expression unreadable. “So you’ve…you’ve wanted me for…”

“Years,” Mary says simply. Matter of fact. She's never been one to shy away from the truth. But Lily is still struggling to wrap her mind around it.

“But you never said anything?” her cheeks growing pink, eyes unsure where to look. It’s making her feel all sorts of things, that thought. That Mary has wanted her. Has been wanting her, a dozen moments fluttering through her head, suddenly looking completely different.

Mary shrugs. “You were with James,” and then: “Besides, I didn’t really think I was your type.”

“My type?” Lily repeats, still in something of a daze. “What do you mean my type?”

Mary gives her a look, like she’s being an idiot, but honestly Lily has no idea what she’s talking about. Mary lets out a hard-done-by sigh. “You seemed pretty heterosexual.”

“Oh,” Lily blinks. “Oh well,” which isn’t anymore helpful. “I mean, I never really thought about it.”

She can see Mary fighting back a smile. “Of course you didn’t.” She looks down at her desk, fiddling with something Lily can’t really see before asking her next question: “Have you thought about it recently?”

Lily considers, she has a feeling there’s a right answer here, she’s just not entirely sure what it is. She opts for the truth, because, well, she’s always told Mary the truth. “Not really,” Mary’s face shutters. Ah. Wrong answer then. “Hey,” she scoots forward, tugging on Mary’s leg, which earns her an unimpressed look. “I’ve been thinking about you though.”

Mary hesitates. “Oh yeah?” 

“Yeah, loads,” she smiles at her, the pair looking at one another for a long minute before Mary turns away. “And that makes you…angry with me?”

Mary rolls her eyes. “I’m not angry with you.”

“But you’re not happy with me?”

“I’m—“ Mary cuts herself off, expression still hard to read, jaw tense. Eventually though, she does look back at Lily. “What do you want?”

Lily blinks. “Like…in life?”

“With me.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah.” Mary stares her down, firm, stubborn, like she’s getting ready for a fight, though Lily isn’t entirely sure why. She thinks about it for a second, really thinks about it. About what she wants. And then:

“Are you busy tonight?”

Mary gives her a confused look. “No?” she says warily.

“You wanna go to dinner with me?”

Mary stares at her like she’s grown a second head. “To dinner?” she repeats.

“Yeah,” Lily nods. “Like, on a date. I’ll dress real nice for you and everything,” she gives her wink. Mary looks like she’s expecting Lily to pull out finger guns, laugh and say “haha just kidding loser,” so Lily tugs on her leg again.

“Mary?”

“Yeah?”

She licks her lips, not entirely sure how to say this next bit. “I might not have thought about it before, but when I think about it now? When I think about kissing you? Being with you?” she wiggles. “I get this warm tingly feeling in my chest. And I—I haven’t gotten that in a while.”

Mary just keeps staring at her.

“So, will you go on a date with me? Please?”

Mary doesn't speak, and Lily has the horrifying realization that she is about to be rejected. Except that a second after that thought enters her head Mary is out of her chair, sinking to the floor in front of Lily, taking her face between in her hands and kissing her stupid. Lily’s fingers get tangled in Mary’s shirt. Practically falling into her lap when she pulls away.

“Okay.”

Lily blinks, trying to focus, to remember what the hell they were even talking about when all she can think of is Mary’s mouth. “Okay?”

Mary nods, smirking. “You can take me out on a date Lily Evans.”

Lily’s smile is significantly goofier. “Awesome.”

 

 

Part III Remus   

It’s all such a mess isn’t it?

He’s in love with Sirius, and he also wants nothing to do with him, and they’re also best friends, and brothers and—and and andandandandandandandandand a n d

He misses Fabian. He does. Some days he scrolls through their old conversations. Some days he stands outside the Galley and thinks about breaking his promise. About going in and begging Fabian to give him another chance. To do this right. But he can’t do that, he knows he can’t, as much as he wants to. He won’t lie to Fabian. Not again.

His eyes trail over to the lease sitting next to him on his desk. He hasn’t signed it yet. The smart thing, the healthy thing, would be to move out. Whatever is going on between him and Sirius—and he’s not entirely sure he knows what’s going on between him and Sirius—it isn’t good. It’s making them both miserable. Space would probably be best for them. Let them breathe. Set some healthy boundaries. Except that the idea of living somewhere else makes Remus feel vaguely sick. So instead of making a decision he’s taken to having very intense staring contests with a few pieces of paper.

A mess.

His phone buzzes.

He considers ignoring it, technically he’s supposed to be studying, though, if he’s being honest, he hasn’t gotten much of that done. His thoughts constantly spiralling. He sighs, pulling his phone out of his back pocket.

 

Dad

We’re here. can you open the door?

 

Remus stares at the message for several moments, not understanding.

 

Remus

sorry

you’re where?

 

Dad

Here

 

and then:

 

at your place.

open the door ??

 

Remus keeps staring at the message. Here. His parents are….here? He types out several responses, all essentially boiling down to what the fuck? Eventually he decides it’s pointless, getting numbly to his feet and walking towards the front door. He keeps hoping he’s somehow misunderstood his father, and that he’ll open the door and find no one there. Unfortunately, that is not what happens.

You’re here, he says stupidly, staring at his parents.

______ observation, his father says.

His mother holds up a pizza box. We brought lunch! She smiles at him nervously. Remus doesn’t understand. Not any of this. Eyes bouncing back and forth between them.

Sorry. What—what are you doing here?

His father frowns, clearly not appreciating being questioned. __ wanted to see ___. So are ___ going to invite us in or not?

Remus blinks, and then: Oh. Yeah, yeah of course. He steps out of the way, holding the door open for his parents.

His mother heads straight for the kitchen, he’s not sure if she says anything, if she does he doesn’t catch it. He looks at his dad, trying desperately to find some kind of explanation. Like something his father's wearing will help him figure it out. Some tie he reserves for work dos or anniversaries. Some ticket poking out of his pocket. Alas, no such luck.  

You look good, his father says, though his expression makes Remus struggle to believe he means it. He feels very much as though he’s having some kind of strange hallucination. His parents have never once, in the three years he’s been at school, just…shown up.

Thank you?

His father nods curtly. Lets eat, is all he says, before following his wife into the kitchen, leaving a gaping Remus in his wake.

His mother has put out plates and glasses, placed the pizza box on the table, the lid open. It’s Hawaiian, his favourite. Warily, Remus sits down across from his parents.

Don’t be shy, his mother signs. Grab some while it’s still hot. 

Remus does, because he’s not sure what else to do. Thank you…for…the pizza? He seems incapable of making affirmative statements at the moment. Too off kilter to feel certain about anything. 

His mother only smiles, grabbing her own slice. They don’t really talk too much. His mother asks a few standard questions—how’s the semester going? Are you drinking enough water? Eating enough vegetables? Remus just keeps waiting for one of them to tell him who in the family has died. It’s the only reason he can think of for this kind of ambush.

Eventually, his father wipes at his face with a napkin, pushing his plate away from himself. Remus gets the distinct impression that they’re about to get to the bottom of things. He places the remainder of his own pizza down.

Better finish that, his father points at Remus’s plate. __ don’t have ____ time.

Remus’s brow furrows. Are…we…going somewhere? When he looks at his mum she won’t meet his eye, which is definitely not a good sign.

We have an appointment.

Remus looks back at his father, something cold trickling down his spine. We do?

Yes.

The uneasy feeling grows. An appointment for what?

There is a moment of stillness, no one moving, his father’s gaze on him, serious and stern. You know for what.

No.

No.

Remus—

No. You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to do that to me.

I’m not doing anything to you. I’m doing it for you.

Remus laughs—laughs because the alternative is throwing up. He feels sick. He feels scared. He feels suddenly very very out of control. He turns to his mother: You’re okay with this?

She looks at him apologetically. It’s only an appointment Remus, it’s only the beginning, it’s not as though they’re going to tie you down and operate on you.

No? Dad must be so disappointed.

Remus.

But he only shakes his head, looking back at his father. You don’t get to make this decision for me.

The hell I don’t.

I’m over eighteen—

Then act like it! His father leans across the table. You’re behaving like a child. You want to be treated like an adult? You need to start making adult decisions.

That’s not fair—that’s not—

At that moment Sirius walks into the kitchen and Remus’s mouth instantly snaps shut. He’s still wearing his jacket, backpack slung over his shoulder. He’d been in class: Concepts in Manual Therapy. Remus hates it a little bit, that he has Sirius’s schedule memorized, though this isn’t exactly the moment to dwell on it. 

No one moves at first, the four of them all staring at one another, frozen. Caught. Remus feels his cheeks heat with embarrassment. 

Sorry, Sirius signs eventually. I heard voices, I didn’t realize—I didn’t know your parents were coming over.

Remus doesn’t know what to say. The room suddenly feels too small. His life feels too small. Everything converging, overlapping in the worst way. So much about this situation is out of his control. Unmanageable. 

His father turns to Sirius, he must say something because Sirius reacts but Remus doesn’t know what it is—no longer able to see his mouth.

Good to see you too Sir, pause, Remus thinks his father is probably talking again. Yeah, ___ season ___ been going well, Sirius says eventually. __ have high hopes.

His mother turns. Speaks. Again, facing away from Remus, so he doesn’t know what she says.

Oh no, Sirius responds. I wouldn’t want to intrude. Another pause, no doubt more words are being exchanged. I don’t—Sirius stops, looking to Remus, asking him a question. Or maybe asking for permission? It doesn’t matter either way because Remus isn’t sure what’s being said and he can’t ask because that would just prove his father right, wouldn’t it?

Excuse me, he says instead. I need to use the washroom. He pushes away from the table, legs shaking as he gets up.

He exhales the minute the bathroom door is closed behind him, gripping the counter and trying to stop himself from panicking. It’s okay. He’s okay. He can handle this. His father. Sirius. The doctor’s. It’s okay. So they’ll go to the appointment, he’ll get the tests or whatever the hell it is that they want to do. Maybe he’ll even let them set a date for the surgery. That doesn’t mean he has to go through with it. He can still back out when the time comes. If he wants to.

Which he does.

And he doesn’t.

And he does.

And he—fuck.

He turns on the tap, splashing cold water on his face. He wishes he felt less light-headed. Wishes his hands weren’t numb. Tingling. He dries his face, looking at himself in the mirror. He looks like he’s going to be sick.

Come on. Come on. Come on. Get it together. Everything is okay. People dream their whole lives about having this opportunity. Stop acting like you’re some kind of victim. Dad’s right. This is a good thing actually. So just. Just relax.

He isn’t sure how long he’s been in there, but he knows it’s been long enough. Taking another deep breath he reaches out and opens the door, pulled up short by the sight of Sirius waiting for him on the otherside. Leaning against the wall in the hallway. He pushes himself up straight when Remus walks out.

Remus opens his mouth, not exactly sure what he’s going to say, but Sirius beats him to it.

Do you want me to get rid of them?  he signs.

Remus just stares at him for a moment.

What?

You look like you are about to start fighting someone. Or crying. So I’m asking, do you need me to get rid of them? Because I will. 

There is no uncertainty in Sirius’s gaze. He means it. And Remus feels overwhelmed by that fact. For all his faults, Sirius has always been willing to do anything for Remus. Since the day they first met. It isn’t healthy probably. Nothing about them is healthy. But right now it’s also making him want to fall into Sirius’s arms and sob. He doesn’t. Thankfully. Instead squeezing his eyes shut, just for a second, just to let himself get it together. When he’s ready to open them again Sirius is still there. Staring at him. Dangerous. Safe. Home.

Yes, Remus manages finally. Yes I want you to get rid of them. But I don’t know how you can. 

Sirius gives him a dry smile. Don’t worry about it. I’m kind of an expert at ditching parents. Go wait in your room, he gestures down the hall. I’ll tell you when they’re gone. Remus doesn’t know what to say, but Sirius doesn’t give him much time to figure it out, already heading back for the kitchen.

Remus sits on the side of his bed, hands clasped between his knees, legs bouncing nervously up and down. He doesn’t know how Sirius expects to be able to do this. Can’t quite imagine his father is going to walk out of here without a fight. God, he really hopes Sirius doesn’t actually fight his dad. He chews on his bottom lip. He should read or something. Anything to get his mind off of whatever is going on on the other side of his door. Maybe he should go out there? This was stupid, childish. He can’t be having his friends dealing with his parents for him. He should—

Movement catches his eye and he looks up to find Sirius coming into his room. He doesn’t look like he’s gotten into a fight. Still, Remus feels himself go tense, not relaxing until Sirius signs:

They’re gone.

What did you tell them?

Sirius is standing just inside the door, like he’s not sure whether or not he’s allowed to come closer. That you weren’t feeling well.

Remus arches a skeptical brow. They bought that?

Well, Sirius smiles wryly. I think your mom was relieved honestly, your dad was. . . his hands just hang there for a moment, making Remus’s stomach squirm. Unhappy, Sirius seems to decide on eventually. He wanted to see you.

That doesn’t surprise Remus. 

You stopped him? he asks, unnecessarily, since he knows the answer.

Sirius nods. Blocked his path and everything. He was very pushy.

He can be, Remus says wearily, before another thought occurs to him, eyes running Sirius over. He didn’t hurt you, did he?

No, Sirius answers quickly. No, didn’t touch me. Got in my face a bit but. No. I’m going to be honest though, I really wanted to punch him.

Remus laughs but it gets caught in his throat and he ends up looking away, dropping his head into his hands. He feels like he’s still kind of in shock, the fear and anxiety slowly seeping out of him, leaving him drained. The mattress sinks next to him, the heat of Sirius pressing against his side. Little fires starting in all the places where they touch. It hurts, being this close after so long, after everything that’s happened. There’s carnage between them. Wars they haven’t quite stopped fighting. He wonders if men in battle ever fall in love with each other? Meeting out in the field day after day, until they finally get the chance to run the other one through, to slit his throat, only to realize, with their blade pressed to his skin, that their life would be empty without him.

They sit in stillence for a few seconds before Sirius elbows him lightly. Getting his attention. Reluctantly, Remus looks up.

Your dad, he signs. He mentioned something about a doctor’s appointment? Remus’s stomach twists. And I just. I just need. Sirius seems to give-up for a second, not able to find the words, not able to make his fingers listen. You’re okay right Remus? You’re okay?

Remus doesn’t know why his throat feels so tight. Or his ribcage suddenly too small for his lungs. Doesn’t know why something is pushing on the back of his eyes. In the end he gives Sirius an empty smile. I’m deaf.

Sirius’s face scrunches up in confusion. I don’t understand. What do you mean?

He doesn’t want to talk about this, he’s tired and he’s sad and he’s still kind of angry at Sirius. But he also knows that he needs to. That he’s been putting this off for months. He sighs, scrubbing at his face before signing:

Have you ever heard of cochlear implants?

Sirius squints at him, and Remus knows he hasn’t understood. What?

Cochlear implants. He tries his best to annunciate.

Sirius keeps staring, before slowly shaking his head. Sorry, he goes back to signing. I’m lost.

Remus nods, getting up and going over to his desk, digging through the drawers before pulling out the slightly crumpled pamphlet he got from Pomfrey all those months ago. He hands it to Sirius, sitting back down next to him, watching him flip through it. It doesn’t take Sirius long.

You getting this?

Remus grimaces. I don’t know. I—he cuts off, running a frustrated hand through his hair. I should. 

Why should?

Why? Remus laughs. Because. And then, using his hands: Because it would make life easier. For everyone. For me. And when Sirius keeps looking at him with that confused expression on his face: Don’t you ever wish that you could just talk to me? Or show me a song you liked? Or call me on the phone? Don’t you wish that you didn’t have to do this, he shakes his hands for emphasis. Or worry about me when we’re in a crowd of people? Don’t you wish you didn’t have to constantly catch me up on everything I’ve missed? That I miss all the time because I can’t fucking— he stops, taking a breath before, somewhat more calmly: It would make life easier.

Sirius opens and then closes his mouth, an infuriating furrow between his brows. We do talk, he signs finally.

Remus scoffs. But it’s hard.

I don’t think that’s because you’re deaf, if I’m being honest, which manages to get a small huff of laughter out of Remus and a genuine smile out of Sirius. We do talk, he says again. And I do show you the songs I like, And, honestly? I never worry about you Remus, you can handle yourself pretty well. I— he stops, chewing on his bottom lip. Listen, I’m not trying to—I think you should do what you want. If you want to get this, get it. I’ll be there at the hospital. I’ll be there afterward. And so will James and Peter, you know that. But you don’t make my life hard, you never have. You make my life… Another pause. Another struggle to find the words. Big.

Now it’s Remus’s turn to look confused. Big?

Sirius nods. Before you I didn’t know what music felt like, that it’s in here, he presses a hand to his chest, and not just here, pointing to his ears. Before you, I didn’t know I could tell stories with my hands, and sometimes I can say things this way, feel things this way, that I can’t when I speak. Because of you, I see the world differently. My life is bigger.

Remus stares at him, feeling horribly torn open. Unzipped. Undone. Seen. He shakes his head, sniffling as he blinks the moisture back from his eyes. I make your life bigger?

Sirius smiles. Laughs. Remus wants to feel it, barely resists the urge to press his palm to Sirius’s chest. Yes. Huge really. Massive.

Remus rolls his eyes. Alright, alright. Enough.

Sirius is still smiling, though his expression becomes a bit more sincere. Get it if you want, he repeats himself. But get it for you. Not because you think you’re some kind of burden. Because you aren’t. You really aren’t Remus.

And it’s lovely.

And sweet.

And too much. All the soft mixing with all the sharp. The broken glass that’s still sitting in his stomach from Christmas.

I wish you hadn’t kissed me, he blurts out before he can stop himself.

If Sirius is surprised by the sudden change in subject he doesn’t show it. Though there is the flicker of something sad in his eyes. I know. Me too.

And I’m still really fucking angry at you.

Sirius nods. ____ I know.

Not just about that. But about all of it. You were so awful Sirius. You made it so hard, and that wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair.

Sirius winces. I know.

Remus sniffles again, staring at the boy in front of him, unable to look anywhere else. Sirius Black. The brightest star in the sky. He moves forward without really thinking, wrapping his arms around Sirius, burying his face in his neck. Sirius’s arms come up almost automatically, squeezing him close. And Remus thinks that this is where he’ll live. In the crook of Sirius Black’s neck. In his arms. He thinks that this is where he will live for the rest of his life.

They stay like that for a long time. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    WOLFSTAR HAVE HAD A FULL PRODUCTIVE CONVERSATION CAN YOU BELIEVE????????????????

    crazy

    unheard of

    out of control

    we are moving forward, not there but getting there, it's gonna be cute

    should have been doing school work but did this instead ALAS

    i hope it's not too rough I didn't edit this as much as I usually do so i'm a lil worried

    ANYWAY hope the sun is shining wherever you are!!!!!! thank you for reading :)

Chapter 21
Summary:

    Bad, bad, bad

Notes:

    tw eating disorder stuff
    tw vomit
    tw cancer (discussions of cancer)

    think that's it?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Sirius

“Okay, but hear me out—“

“Hear you out? Why would I hear you out when you’re clearly wrong?”

“I am not wrong! James!”

“I’m not getting in the middle of this.”

“I don’t want you to get in the middle, I just want you to tell Peter that he’s wrong and I’m right.”

“Sirius.”

“What?”

“He’s not going to do that because he knows I’m right.”

“I didn’t say that.”

“You didn’t not say that.”

“Oh Jesus Christ.”

“Look,” Sirius steps in front of them, bringing James and Peter to an abrupt halt in the arena parking lot. Sirius’s hair is still wet from the post-practice shower, curls shoved in his beanie—he’ll regret that later. But right now, he has an argument to win. “Pudding is basically just very thick water.”

“It is not!” Peter shouts indignantly, waving his arms around like some kind of demented bird. “What sort of garbage pudding are you eating?”

Sirius rolls his eyes. “Mud then, it’s like mud. You can wade through mud.”

“You can drown in it too!”

Sirius glares at Peter. “Jell-O is going to suck you under the second you jump in it.”

“You don’t know that!”

“I do! It’s science!”

More arm flapping. “What science?! Have you personally filled a swimming pool with Jell-O?”

“No but—“

“Then you don’t know!”

The pair have somehow ended up nearly nose to nose. Sirius really thinks he might punch him, he’s not above physical violence. “It is just common sense that swimming through pudding would be easier than swimming through Jell-O.”

“It is not!”

“Is too!”

“Is not!”

“Is too!“

“Is—“

“JAMES!”

“Alright,” James gets a hand on each of their shoulders. “Lets maybe take a fucking breath, okay boys?” shoving them apart. “Since neither of you can do more than doggy paddle from one end of the pool to the other, I think it’s safe to say you’re drowning either way.”

“Hey!”

“Wow, rude!”

James holds his arms up in surrender but doesn’t bother to wipe the shit eating grin off his face. “I’m just saying.” They glare at him for a few seconds before Peter breaks.

“I mean, okay, he does have a point.”

Sirius groans, dropping his head back dramatically and looking up at the sky. “Whatever. Now I’m hungry.”

“Oh god, me too.”

“Tell you what,” Sirius wonders if James is trying to sound like Effie on purpose, or if they just bring out the mom in him. He thinks it's probably the latter. “If you both promise to let this drop, I’ll order us a pizza.”

Peter and Sirius exchange a look. “Deal,” Sirius says a second later, Peter nodding vigorously beside him.

James smiles, throwing his arms over their shoulders and guiding them towards his car. “Ok assholes.”

It’s only then that they see that there’s someone else in the parking lot. Leaning against the front of James’s car, ankles crossed, arms folded.

“Hey is that—“

“Remus?”

Sirius is moving before he even has time to think, bag sliding off his shoulder as he reaches the car, hands going to Remus’s face. “Are you okay?” his eyes run him over, looking for any sign that he’s hurt or in pain. “What’s happened? What is it? Is your dad back?”

He can hear James and Peter catching up behind him, Remus looking up at him with big, startled eyes. “Sirius,” his hands gently circling Sirius’s wrists and pulling them away from his face. “I’m okay.”

“Yeah?”

“Yes. I promise. I didn’t—sorry I didn’t mean to make you worry.”

Which is about the moment that Sirius realizes that he might be overreacting. Just a bit. But Remus has never shown up at the rink like this before. Honestly, he mostly avoids hockey, has since high school. He comes to their games sometimes, but that’s about it.

“No—uh—it’s fine,” Sirius clears his throat, stepping back and trying to avoid the pointed looks his friends are sending him. There’s a second of near unbearable stillness before:

What’s up Remus? James signs.

Sorry. Nothing. I just. Was hoping to. Maybe talk to Sirius. His hands are a little stilted in a way they usually aren’t, like he can’t quite figure out what to say.

Sirius feels his brow furrow. You want to talk? he asks, not entirely sure how to take that. Things have been better between them recently, but they still haven’t been exactly…normal. Though at this point Sirius isn’t really sure what normal looks like for them. Anytime he thinks about it too much he starts to squirm, and twitch, and pick at his hands. Starts to clean things.

Remus gives him a self-deprecating smile. Get a drink with me?

Something weird is happening to Sirius’s heart. Weird and unhealthy. He should probably see someone about that.

Yes drinks! Peter signs before Sirius has a chance to answer. We were gonna get pizza, but beer sounds good to—

Peter is cut off as James grabs his arm and starts dragging him towards the passenger side of his car. “Nope, not us.”

Peter splutters and stumbles as James basically stuffs him into his seat. “What? why n—“ but James shuts the door on the end of that sentence. Looking over at Sirius and raising his brow in question. Sirius gives him a small nod and that seems to be good enough for James.

You two have fun, he signs, getting in the driver’s side.

“Subtle James,” Remus says flatly, though there’s a slight smile in the corner of his mouth as he steps away from the front of the car. His arm brushes against Sirius who does his best not to lean into him. It’s hard. 

James gives them a salute as he closes his door, Peter’s confusion clear even through the windshield. They don’t say anything as they watch their friends pull away. Once the car has disappeared Sirius shifts nervously, shooting Remus a look out of the corner of his eye.

So, he starts, but Remus doesn’t let him finish.

Leaky okay with you?

Sirius blinks. “Er—“ Yeah, of course.

Good, Remus reaches down and picks up Sirius’s bag. “Well,” nodding towards the street.”Shall we?” He doesn’t wait for Sirius to answer.

 

 

The tentative silence follows them on their walk to the bar. It isn’t uncomfortable exactly. But. Sirius can tell that there’s something Remus has to say, that he’s building to, which makes everything feel a bit…loaded. And they're not quite able to fall into their normal rhythm. They get one of the booths at the back of the Leaky, Remus insisting on paying for the first round of drinks just like he insisted on carrying Sirius’s bag. When he returns to the table it’s with a pitcher of beer and a basket full of french fries. Sirius moans.

“You’re my hero, you know that?” he says, already stuffing fries in his mouth. Remus smiles, letting Sirius enjoy his food for a few seconds before eventually leaning forward across the table.

I think we need to talk.

Sirius does his best not to grimace, he already doesn’t like where this is going. He swallows with some difficulty, washing down his food with a sizeable gulp of beer.

After a second, he nods his head slowly. Ok?

I thought it would help to do it on neutral ground, Remus gestures to the space around them. Sirius’s uneasiness does not go away.

Ok, he repeats.

There's a pause before Remus speaks again, chewing on his bottom lip, watching Sirius, making him squirm. Eventually, he lifts his hands. Why don’t you want me to date anyone?

Sirius blinks, surprised by the question. This isn’t quite where he thought this was going. “I—“ he starts and then stops. Something scared and nervous is prowling around his chest, clawing at the walls of his ribs. Begging him to deny it. To laugh it off. After all, he'd been drunk at the party. And Remus had been upset. He doesn't think either of them can be held responsible for what they said. 

You’re allowed to date people, he manages after a few seconds. Remus snorts.

Generous of you.

I just meant—

But Remus waves him off. “Yes, I’m allowed to date people,” he repeats. “I was hoping that was a given.”   

Sirius winces. “Right. It is. Of course, it is.” He really hates this conversation. The thing in his chest flicking its tail. Raising its hackles. He reaches for one of the napkins on the table and starts to shred it.

Remus gives him another long look. Well, he starts again. Glad we’ve got that settled. Now answer my question. Sirius splutters but Remus is apparently determined. Why don't you want me to date anyone?

Tiny white pieces of napkin cover the table. It’s not really up to me. 

That's still not an answer.

Pacing. Howling. Running away. Remus.

Sirius.

He shakes his head, hand coming up and pulling his beanie off, messing up his hair. He looks at Remus and then away. I don't know, he manages finally. Like a coward. It's too real now. He's too sober. I'm sorry, I know I fucked up with Fabian. I won't do that again. I can be better. 

Really? says his mother's voice. Since when?

Remus sighs. Is it because you want to date me?

Oh.

Well.

There’s that.

Sirius opens and closes his mouth. The idea of dating Remus feels…odd. Like somehow not enough? Like going backwards. They’re so much more than that aren’t they? Remus will never be his boyfriend, even the thought makes him squirm a bit. It’s a small word. And it doesn’t fit them.

Remus is just staring at him, waiting for an answer, something delicate in the way he holds himself.

We live together, is what Sirius ends up saying.

Remus’s expression doesn’t shift. He doesn’t react. He’s trying to be careful, Sirius realizes, trying to protect himself. We do.

Right so, Sirius stops signing and gestures vaguely with his hands, hoping Remus will just understand.

So you think it would be a bad idea?

No I think, flustered. He’s leaning across the table like he’s trying to get as close to Remus as he can. Pulled towards him. Always. His gravity. I think we’ll never be able to go to a restaurant and make small talk, he tries to explain. I think we have too much history for anniversaries or Valentine’s Days. I think we’ll never have a song, because you were there for all my favourite songs. You were there when I heard them for the first time. They all feel like you. They all make me think of you, Sirius looks at Remus helplessly. We can’t date Remus, we’re so past dating. It couldn’t hold us. What we are. What you are to me. I can’t date you, it’ll drive me mad. I just need to be with you.

It’s a lot.

Sirius is always a lot.

The kind of person best experienced in small doses. A guy you meet at a party once. A one night stand. The class clown. It’s too much to stomach otherwise. Too much to bear. Not fair really, to put that all on someone else.

Remus is just staring at him. Sirius doesn’t know what to do with that, so he turns his attention to his beer. Takes a rather large sip, trying to figure out how to dig himself out of this hole. How to crack a joke. Laugh it off.

“Sirius—“ Remus starts and then stops. Sirius is really making the most out of his beer, swirling it around, wiping off the condensation, passing it back and forth between his hands. Eventually Remus reaches out, grabbing Sirius’s wrist, forcing him to still, to look up. Remus smiles at him, tentatively. Sirius tries to return the gesture. After a few seconds Remus lets go of his wrist but Sirius can still feel him. The touch warm and lingering. 

What do you want then?  Remus asks.

It should be a simple question, but it isn’t. It never is with Sirius. Growing up he wasn’t allowed to want anything. So now he wants everything. All of it. And more. More, more, more. Sirius Black is a hole that can’t be filled.

Sirius?

He shakes his head, trying to clear it. I don’t know, he signs eventually. 

Remus frowns. And then, after a second: Do you really not know? Or are you just too afraid to ask for it?

That makes Sirius laugh. Both probably.

Remus seems to accept that, nodding slowly, a thoughtful look on his face. But you do want something?

Yes.

With me?

A small skip in his chest. Purring. Yes.

Remus nods again, licking his lips as he looks down at the table for a second. The noise of the bar bubbles around them, all feeling very far away. This whole conversation is a bit surreal if Sirius is being honest.

Okay, Remus looks up again. Can I tell you what I want?

Sirius nods, perhaps a bit too vigorously, a small pain shooting through his neck. Remus takes in a deep breath.

I want to be with you too, he signs slowly, more slowly than normal, and Sirius wonders if that’s for Remus’s sake or his. I want you to be more than just my friend. My roommate.

I already am, Sirius almost says, but doesn’t, because it’s fucking weird. Instead he just nods.

I know things are complicated, that, your life, hockey, it makes that…complicated. And I can accept that, I think. But, his eyes are intense, staring right into Sirius’s. I don’t want to be something you can’t talk about. Something you’re embarrassed of.

Sirius isn’t sure what to say exactly, lets those words marinate in the silence between them, tries to figure out his thoughts. Eventually, he reaches across the table, taking one of Remus’s hands and bringing it up to his mouth, kissing his knuckles. Remus’s eyes are as big as Sirius has ever seen them, spots of colour on the tops of his cheeks. Sirius puts his hand down, so that he can speak.

I could never be embarrassed of you, because it’s the truth, but Remus is still looking at him like he’s losing his mind so Sirius presses on. Listen, I don’t know how this is going to work exactly, and I’m not interested in holding a press conference or being some kind of spokesperson or whatever. But, shrugging. I’ve never been very good at being who people expect me to be. I’m not sure why I would start following the rules now.

Remus shakes his head, laughing. He brings his hands up to cover his face and Sirius isn’t entirely sure whether that’s a good reaction or a bad reaction, so he just waits for Remus to tell him one way or the other. When Remus does drop his hands, his eyes are wet, and Sirius feels his stomach drop.

“Shit, Remus—“

But the other boy cuts him off.

“You’re such an asshole you know that?”

“Uh—“

“You spend ninety percent of your time being so emotionally fucking constipated and unavailable and—and—stupid! And then—“ Remus gestures at him. “And then you do shit like that. And then you say—“ but he cuts himself off again, shaking his head.

Sirius squints across the table, still not entirely sure what’s happening. Sorry, are you angry or happy? I can’t tell?

Remus laughs. Me either. And then he reaches out just like Sirius, taking the other boy’s hand and kissing his knuckles. Knocking the air from Sirius’s lungs. “Okay,” Remus says, looking back at him. It’s several moments before Sirius is able to speak.

“Okay?”

Remus nods. “Lets…lets try yeah? To…to be more than dating.”

It’s Sirius’s turn to laugh now. “Okay,” he says, squeezing Remus’s hand and feeling too much. He’s buzzing with the way Remus is looking at him. With the thought, the idea, the possibility, that maybe. Maybe. This is a thing he gets to have. It scares the shit out of him to be honest. 

I’ll be so careful, he wants to say. I’ll be so careful with us. I promise. I’ll hold us so gently. Ignoring the voice that tells him otherwise. The one that sounds like his mother. I won’t break this. I won’t, I won’t.

“Sirius?” Remus asks, ducking his head.

“Sorry,” he gives him a quick smile, shaking himself awake. “Sorry I was just…thinking.”

“About what?”

“Nothing,” and then, deciding he can do better than that; “You.”

“Oh?” Remus asks with a smirk.

Sirius tugs on Remus’s wrist, yanking him forward until their foreheads nearly meet over the middle of the table.

“About how badly I want to kiss you,” he likes the way Remus’s cheeks warm.

“Oh yeah?” voice a little shaky.

“About how maybe that’s a thing I can do now?”

Remus lets out a nervous laugh. “Yeah,” words rough as his gaze bounces between Sirius’s eyes and his mouth. “Yeah that’s a thing you can do.” 

I won’t break this.

It’s a prayer really.

I won’t, I won’t, I won’t.

 

 

Part II Regulus    

Regulus has forgotten how to blink.

He’s sitting in a chair across from his marketing professor and he can’t remember how to blink. The middle aged man is making a lot of direct eye contact, and suddenly Regulus doesn't know if he always looks people in the eye when he’s speaking to them or if he usually looks somewhere else? Over their shoulder? At his shoes? And blinking. How many blinks is normal? Because every time he’s blinked during this conversation it has felt like the wrong time and he has no idea why.

“Regulus?”

There’s a furrow between his professor’s brows that almost certainly means that Regulus has been tuned out of the conversation for far too long. Great. First the blinking, now this.

“Yes, sorry.”

Professor Binns gives him a curious look before clearing his throat. “Did what I just said make sense?”

Uh.

Regulus fidgets. Pulling on his sleeve and the fabric of his pants. “Could you maybe repeat it one more time?” he can feel his cheeks growing hot with embarrassment. “Sorry, I’m a little…fuzzy, today.” Stupid, stupid, stupid. 

The man nods slowly. “Of course,” and then, looking down at the pitiful essay on the desk in front of him. “It isn’t that your paper was…bad, exactly. Your writing is actually quite good, some of the strongest in the class.”

“Right but,” Regulus fidgets again, the floorboards beneath his chair creaking. “I got a C-?” Saying it out loud makes a nervous sick feeling fill his stomach.

“Yes, well, you were meant to write a paper about social media marketing,” he gives Regulus a look, as though that ought to be enough of an explanation. It is not.

“I did. I mean I…I tweaked it a bit but—“

That actually gets a laugh out of the old man. “A bit? Boy, this is a paper in which you compare instagram to the narratives of Dorian Gray.”

Regulus grimaces. “Yeah, I—I mean I think I made some fair points. If you compare Dorian’s relationship to his portrait with our relationship to our online profiles you can clearly see that—“

The old man laughs again, holding up his hand to cut Regulus off. When Regulus’s mouth snaps shut he gives him a fond—if patronizing—smile, sighing as he folds his hands on top of his desk. “Listen, Regulus, it is a fascinating paper. Truly. But it has absolutely nothing to do with marketing. Which is, I’m afraid to tell you, the course that you are in.”

Regulus swallows with some difficulty, nodding as he makes the executive decision to no longer make eye contact. “Right,” a tense moment of silence passes and he tries to figure out whether or not he’s supposed to leave now, but then his professor clears his throat again.

“Have you considered, perhaps switching your major?” he asks tentatively. “To something your more passionate about? English maybe?”

He hasn’t considered it. Because there’s no point. And despite what the sudden and unexpected presence of James Potter in his life would suggest, Regulus is not in the habit of letting himself think about things he can’t have.

Eventually, he manages to pull his eyes off the floor, face schooled back into some kind of blank expression. “Thank you sir, but I’d really like to stick with business.”

The older man gives him a dubious look, but when Regulus doesn’t buckle he seems to concede. “Well, you still have another paper, and the final exam. If you manage to get an A on both you might make it out of this course with a B or even a B+.”

Regulus’s teeth clench, that sick feeling in his stomach returning. His mother won’t be happy with a B+ but she’ll be less happy with a C. Eventually Regulus nods, getting stiffly out of his seat.

“Thank you sir, I’ll make sure to do better from now on. I really appreciate you taking the time to meet with me.”

The man gives him a kind smile. “Of course.”

Regulus is almost out the door when the professor calls to him, making him turn around.

“Think about what I said, about switching programs? You’re only in your first year, it wouldn’t be hard and,” another soft smile. “This really is a wonderful paper Regulus. You shouldn’t strangle talent like this.”

Talent. That word leaves a bitter taste in Regulus’s mouth. If he was really talented he wouldn’t be failing all his classes.

He doesn’t say that of course.

Instead he nods.

“Thank you sir.” Letting the door swing closed behind him on his way out.

 

 

He’s going over to James’s, which is almost definitely a terrible idea because he’s tired and in a crap mood. But he promised. He said he would. And he’s trying. He thinks he might have almost lost James at Christmas. Pushed too hard. Given too little. Which is fucking scary. He knows he can’t keep this, he does, but he still wants to hold on to it for as long as he can. As long as James will let him.

Regulus sighs as he swipes the keycard to his room. He’s gonna drop off his stuff, shower, brush his teeth. And then he’ll—

“Oh.” He stops abruptly inside the door as he comes face to face with Cerci. There are about a dozen multi-coloured scrunchies in her hair today, pulling it in all directions, her overalls a faded pink.

“Shit,” Regulus says, staring at her with wide eyes. “Did we have plans?” He quickly starts picking through his memories but he comes up blank.

“Nope,” she smiles brightly at him. “We have a plans,” waggling her finger between her and Evan, who is blushing and looking very much like he is trying to make himself as small as possible. A lost cause really.

Regulus blinks. “Oookay?” he still doesn’t move, eyes bouncing between the pair of them, feeling something a little ticklish in his chest that he can’t quite name. “I didn’t realize you two...hung out...together...alone.”

“We do,” Cerci says, Evan trying his best not to meet Regulus’s eye. Or maybe that’s normal? God, how has he never paid attention to where you’re supposed to look when you talk to someone? He should ask Cerci. She’s usually the one he asks these kinds of questions to—the ones he knows are absolutely insane but that he can’t help needing reassurance on. Except he doesn’t really want to ask her while Evan is—

“Actually,” Cerci goes on, bringing Regulus back to the conversation at hand. Fuck, he really needs to focus better, what is wrong with him today? “We’re kinda more than hanging out.”

Evan starts to choke—on what, Regulus has no idea. Regulus and Cerci both stare at him for a moment.

“Sorry,” Evan finally manages, fist pounding on his chest.   

“Are you okay?” Regulus asks, because he’s starting to worry. Maybe Evan is sick? What’re you supposed to do if someone is sick? Feel their forehead? That’s what people always do in movies. Walburga never felt Regulus’s forehead.

“I’m fine,” Evan croaks.

“Are you sure?” Regulus squints at him. “You’re acting weird,” which makes Cerci laugh for some reason.

“He’s fine,” she says, reaching out and taking Evan’s hand. Which is a little odd but then, Cerci’s kind of like that. Always hugging and kissing and touching. Evan goes stiff for a second before relaxing, sheepish smile on his face. Still, Regulus is starting to feel vaguely uncomfortable. Shuffling his feet, adjusting his grip on the straps of his backpack.

“Uh…sorry, am I missing something here?” he asks finally, Evan quickly pulls his hand into his own lap, the pair turning to Regulus.

“Always,” Cerci gives him a wink and he rolls his eyes. “But also, that’s what I was trying to tell you.”

He squints. “Tell me?”

“Mhm,” she exchanges a quick look with Evan before: “We’re dating.”

Regulus stares blankly at her. “Who’s dating?”

“Me and Evan.”

Regulus just keeps staring at her. “What?” I mean, he heard what she said. It just made exactly no sense to him. “Are you joking? Because I don’t get it.”

“Nope, not joking.”

“Not joking,” Regulus repeats slowly, still not fully trusting the words. “You’re really dating?”

Cerci nods. “We’re really, really dating.”    

“Look dude—” Evan starts, but then Regulus shoots him a look sharp enough to shut him up.

“Reg,” Cerci cautions. “Be nice.”

He turns back to her. “How can you be dating, you—and he—you—how can that possibly work?” Because he saw Evan with Barty Crouch. He saw him. And he might not be the best at reading people’s emotions but even he couldn’t miss that. And Cerci, she’s never been very interested in anything physical. And all hockey players are interested in is the physical

“Well,” Cerci says in a patronizing voice. “When two people like each other very very very much—“

“Oh fuck off.”

She giggles. “What! I mean really Reg, what do you want me to say? We just…” she looks over at Evan. “We have fun together.”

Regulus scoffs. “We have fun together,” he says, maybe sounding a bit more like a toddler than he would like. “And we’re not dating.”

“Do you wanna?” she waggles her eyebrows at him. Regulus isn’t sure what his face does, but whatever it is, it has Cerci cackling. “I’m joking, I’m joking, oh my god,” she gasps.

Regulus frowns. “How long?” he asks finally, because he isn’t sure how the two people he’s closest to could start dating without him even noticing. I mean, okay, maybe he is sure. He’s not likely to pick up on any subtle hints. And, if he’s being honest, he’s been a little MIA recently. The only person he sees much of these days is James.

“Not long, so there’s no need to pout.”

Regulus’s frown deepens. “I’m not pouting.”

“Uh-huh,” Cerci gets off of Evan’s bed and comes to give him a hug. He huffs, because he’s expected to, but in truth, he rather appreciates the gesture. “You’re still my best friend,” she says as she squeezes him.

“Okay.”

“I mean it Reg.”

He sighs, squeezing her back, “Okay,” he repeats, meaning it a bit more this time. She pulls away, and Regulus fixes Evan with a look.

“If you’re a dick to her I’ll end you.”

Which makes Cerci giggle. “Oh come on,” when Regulus gives her an unimpressed look. “He’s like three times your size!”

“That’s factually inaccurate. And besides,” cold gaze sliding over to Evan. “I’m about three times more violent.”

The other boy instantly holds his hands up in surrender. “Woah, lets all try to remember that I haven’t done anything yet okay?”

“Yet?” Regulus asks, arching a particularly intimidating eyebrow. Something he picked up from Walburga. He thinks he sees Evan gulp.

“And I won’t. Promise.” Regulus continues to glare. “I promise. And if I am a dick to her then I’ll deserve whatever you give me.” 

That seems to be enough for Cerci who preens, skipping over to give Evan a kiss on the cheek. Regulus rolls his eyes, sliding the bag off his shoulder and leaving it at the foot of his bed. He was going to shower, but now he’s kinda keen on getting out of here.

“We were just about to watch a movie,” Cerci nods towards Evan’s laptop. “Wanna join?”

“As much as I love being the third wheel. I can’t. I’ve got plans.”

“Oooh, plans,” Cerci coos. “With who?”

He’s absentmindedly massaging his shoulder, phone in his other hand as he checks his battery life. “James,” he says without thinking. He doesn’t even really notice the pause that follows.

“James Potter?” the confusion in Cerci’s voice makes him look up. “I didn’t know you guys were close?”

Which is the moment Regulus realizes his mistake. He opens his mouth but nothing comes out so he quickly snaps it shut again, feeling the blush coming back to his cheeks. “Uh,” he manages, heart starting to panic.

“Oh right, aren’t you—uh—aren’t you tutoring him?” Evan cuts in, saving the day. Regulus stares at him for exactly one second before jerkily nodding his head.

“Yeah. Yes. Yes I am doing that. Absolutely.” His palms feel sweaty. The thing is, he’s not even really sure why he’s lying? Cerci knows he’s—well, she knows him. And Evan knows about James. So he’s not sure what exactly he’s protecting here. He just knows he can’t quite make himself tell the truth.

Cerci tilts her head, a curious look on her face. “But isn’t he taking some kind of health science-y jock course?” she asks.

Regulus’s mind keeps going blank, all his thoughts disappearing under Cerci’s gaze. “Well,” his eyes dart towards the door, wondering whether or not he can just make a run for it. “He is, but—“

“Idiot took a creative writing course,” Evan once again cuts in. “He’s always bitching about it in the locker room. No clue why he thought that’d be a good idea.”

Regulus could kiss Evan right about now. Well, kiss him again. Oh god, does Cerci know that Regulus has made out with her boyfriend? Regulus’s eyes bounce back and forth between them, cheeks on fire now. He really needs to get out of this room before he says something embarrassing.

“Oooh creative writing,” Cerci does a little shimmy with her shoulders. “You’d blow that class out of the water.” Regulus feels something uncomfortable squirm under his skin, unable to stop himself from thinking about the conversation he just had with his professor. He isn’t blowing anything out of the water at the moment.

“Yeah, well, better get going,” he starts inching his way towards the door. “But—uh—I’m happy for you two, ” he winces at how awkward he sounds.

Cerci beams at him but Evan looks a little less sure. “For real dude?” he asks, causing Regulus to sigh—more at the use of the word “dude” than anything else.

“Yes Evan. For real.”

Evan smiles. “That’s—thanks.”

“Sure. Okay. Well—“ and with that, Regulus slips out of the room.

 

 

“Hey!” James sounds far too excited to see him when he opens the door. No one should be that excited to see Regulus.

“Hi,” he says, shuffling them inside, his whole body relaxing once the door is closed behind them, the rest of the world disappearing. James crowds into his space, two hands coming to either side of Regulus’s face and tilting it upwards. A moment later they’re kissing. Brief. Warm.

“Hey,” James says again when he pulls back, resting his forehead briefly against Regulus’s. Regulus feels himself melt slightly. “I just need a second to finish up this assignment and then I’m all yours, alright?”

Regulus nods, still a bit breathless. James kisses him once more before letting him go and dropping into the chair at his desk, Regulus finding himself sitting on the bed next to him. A second later he’s lying down. He’s so tired. He’s always tired honestly. And there’s something oddly soothing about the sound of James’s typing. There are likely assignments Regulus ought to be working on himself. Readings he ought to be doing. But right now even the thought of looking at a word document makes him feel ill.

“Hey, I was going to order us a pizza,” James says casually, not looking away from the laptop in front of him. “Any topping preferences?”

Regulus is well aware that the feeling that shoots through him then, a feeling that can really only be described as fear. Panic. Is completely unwarranted. And yet…it persists nonetheless. Regulus closes his eyes and tries to make his voice just as casual.

“I’m alright. I already ate.”

There’s a brief pause, the noise of typing stilling. “Yeah, cool,” but there is something off in James’s tone that makes Regulus start to twitch. “What’d you have?”

Regulus can’t remember. He thinks he had some apples? Apples are about the only thing in the meal hall he can eat without wanting to scrub his insides out. He might have had some toast too. That’s okay most days, except he doesn’t like when the bread’s been taken out of the bag. When it’s been put in baskets or on plates where other people can touch it. Regardless, he doubts James will accept any of that as a reason not to eat pizza. And he doesn’t know how to explain that it has nothing to do with being full or hungry. Not with Regulus. It’s so much more complicated than that.

“Reg?”

Regulus blinks his eyes open, staring up at the ceiling and realizing he’s been quiet for too long. “Uh—sorry. I’m tired today I guess,” he yawns for good measure.

“No worries,” but then, several seconds later: “So what did you have?”

“Hmm?” again, faking casual, like every muscle in his body isn’t pulled tight.

“For dinner?”

“Oh,” he should make something up, he doesn’t know what would be believable, doesn’t know what the meal hall was serving tonight or if James even knows that. “I don’t know,” he says lamely.

“You don’t know?”

“Does it matter?”

“No but…I mean, what do you mean you don’t know?”

“I mean I can’t remember,” he snaps. “Jesus Christ James, I said I didn’t want the fucking pizza. I don’t have to explain my every decision to you.”

 

silence 

 

It’s sticky and impossible to ignore, settling between them. Regulus wants it off. Wants it gone. Neither of them speaking, or moving, or breathing. He squeezes his eyes shut and waits for the moment to pass. It has to right? Right? But the seconds stretch into minutes and they just keep sitting in it until Regulus realizes that he’s responsible for this so if he wants to fix it he’ll have to pry the silence off them with his own hands. Problem is, he’s always been better at making messes than cleaning them up. Just ask Sirius.

He sighs, pulling himself up and rubbing at his face. James is sitting unnaturally still, eyes staring at the screen in front of him, but Regulus doesn’t think he’s reading. The words sound awkward and stupid even in his head. Feel clumsy in his mouth. He wants to say something, he just knows it’ll come out all wrong. After several more seconds of panicking he finally forces himself to speak.

“I’m sorry.”

James nods jerkily. “S’okay.”

Regulus grimaces. That’s not good. “I didn’t mean to snap at you I just—I’m having a bit of a bad day,” and then, because it feels like it bears repeating: “I’m sorry.”

For a second there’s nothing, and then he sees the tension ease slightly out of James’s shoulders and he looks over at him, smile tentative. “It’s okay Reg, I shouldn’t have pushed. I just…” he shrugs. “I worry about you.”

Everyone worries about Regulus. Knowing him is a part-time job.

Knowing him is work.

“I know. You don’t have to though. I’m fine, I promise.” He thinks he means that. Hopes he means it. After a few seconds James nods, reaching out and squeezing his hand.

“I’m sorry you’ve had a shitty day.”

Regulus shrugs, distracted by the warmth of James’s touch.

“How can I help?”

You can’t, he nearly says. Because it’s true. James can’t fix Regulus’s head. Can’t make it work right. Can’t make him normal. Able to manage what everyone else seems to without falling apart. Can’t fix Regulus’s grades. Can’t make him care about business. Can’t make his mother like him more. He doesn’t say any of that of course. It’s too depressing. Too pathetic. Not that what makes it out of his mouth is much better: 

“Can I read to you?” his cheeks heat as the words leave his mouth, and he has to look away because it’s embarrassing. But James doesn’t let go of his hand, smile big enough that Regulus doesn’t even have to see it. He can feel it.

“Hell yeah!”

Regulus scoffs, shaking his head like he can’t understand why James would want such a thing, because, well, he can’t really. James tugs on his hand until Regulus reluctantly looks at him again. He’s still smiling. Idiot.

“You can be Romeo and I’ll be Juliet,” far too pleased with himself.

Regulus rolls his eyes. “Please. If I’m anyone, I’m Mercutio.”

But James only shakes his head, moving forward, pressing Regulus back down onto the bed, hovering above him. Regulus feels his breath catch as he looks up into James’s eyes. You can’t take it for granted, having James Potter’s attention, even if you want to. It’s an event every time. James brings up one of his hands, running his knuckle along the side of Regulus’s face. His eyes flutter but he doesn’t let them close. Doesn’t let James out of his sight.

“You’re my knight in shining armour right?” James asks, voice low, soft. Decadent. Just the words send shivers through Regulus, even if they are dumb. “Showing up outside my window, scaling the walls to see me.”

It takes Regulus a few moments to get his brain back online, and when he finally manages it, the only words he can come up with are; “Romeo wasn’t a knight.”

James’s face scrunches up. It’s vile. Regulus wants to claw it off. Wants to keep it forever. “You sure? I remember armour.”

Regulus does his best not to sigh. “That was Leonardo DiCaprio.”

James’s mouth makes an “ah” shape, before he’s grinning again, leaning his head down, their noses brushing. “Well, then you can be my Leonardo DiCaprio.” If Regulus had any self respect he wouldn’t let James kiss him after saying something so stupid. But he doesn’t—have any self respect that is. None at all.

So they  kiss

 

                    kiss

 

                              kiss

 

 

James does order a pizza. Several hours and acts later. Which should be a boring forgettable fact. Something that had no impact on the night. On Regulus. If he was normal. But it smells is the problem. Like grease. Like something clogging up Regulus’s insides. Something filling his veins. Something crawling on his skin. He tries not to look at it. It’s usually okay, as long as he doesn’t touch it. As long as he doesn’t eat it. Usually it’s fine.

He really wants it to be fine.

“Sorry, I’m just gonna run to the washroom,” he says as casually as he can, doing everything in his power not to sprint out of the room. He makes it to the communal bathroom down the hall, but only just. On his knees in the stall throwing up whatever he had that morning.

This is bad, says the obnoxious voice in his head, the smallest wiggle of panic worming its way between his ribs. This is what it was like last year. When everything fell apart.

“Shut-up,” he hisses at himself, head dropping back against the wall. He’s covered in sweat and whatever the fuck is on this bathroom floor—he’d really rather not know. His mouth is acrid, and gross. He’ll rinse it out before he leaves but he doubts it’ll do much good.

This is bad.

He glares at the empty space in front of him.

You should tell Sirius, the voice goes on. You should tell someone. You need to tell someone. This is bad. This is bad, bad, bad.

“Shut. Up.”

He can’t tell Sirius. Can’t tell anyone. They’ll make him drop out of school. They’ll put him back in the hospital. Sirius will leave again. It’s a blessing really, that he wasn’t there last time, couldn’t see how low and pathetic Regulus got. And James. Fuck, if James is worried about him now, he’ll never be able to handle how bad Regulus really is. Never be able to see him as anything but broken. A cracked vase. A chipped teacup. A thing that isn’t as strong or as pretty as it used to be. 

No, he can’t tell anyone.

He’s fine.

He’ll manage. He can manage this.

Bad, bad, bad.

 

 

Part III Severus

“What do you mean the funding is late?” Severus Snape sits awkwardly in an uncomfortable office chair, across from a woman who has only too casually told him that he can’t pay his tuition. The room is small, yellow-beige walls caging him in, a few posters for different university amenities the only decoration.

“It happens a lot unfortunately,” the woman—Sheila he thinks—makes a few grating clicks on her keyboard. “Paperwork doesn’t get processed in time so the funding is released late.”

Severus feels like he’s going to be sick. Or break something. It’s hard to tell which. “But I sent the forms in by the deadline, I made sure of it,” even though it had required an unpleasant amount of talking with his father who had been difficult about sending along his tax information. He had an inconvenient habit of ignoring Severus’s calls.

“Yes well,” the woman goes on in the same airy tone. “You really need to get these sorts of things in early.” Break something. He definitely wants to break something. “But the funding will come, there’s no need to worry,” she adds. 

Severus grinds his teeth. “Tuition was due yesterday.”

“It certainly was dear,” he waits for her to go on, offer up some helpful information or advice, but she doesn’t. Just keeps clinking things. God knows what.

“So what am I supposed to do?” starting to feel a little desperate. “I can’t afford late fees,” Christ, he can barely afford dinner.

“You can always ask someone for a loan, just until the money comes in? Your parents maybe? Surely they can help you out?”

Surely.

He makes himself take in several deep breaths before letting himself speak again. It’s the only way he can be certain he won’t just start spewing out profanities. That won’t get him anywhere. “Thank you,” he says brittlely, getting to his feet.

“Anytime dear,” she gives him a parting smile before the clacking starts up again.

Severus is gripping the straps of his bag so tightly as he walks out of the building that he’s surprised they don’t snap. He has two scholarships, a government loan, and a job, and still he can’t pay his tuition on time. Something about that feels cosmically unfair and he can’t help but wonder how everyone else is managing it. Where does their money come from?

Their parents, sneers the voice in his head. Surely.

He doubts very much that James Potter or Sirius Black have ever worried about money in their lives. And yet the university simply hands over scholarships to them because they can shoot a rubber disc into the back of a net. As though that means anything—as though that has any value. But before he can really fall down the rabbit hole of cursing Potter and Black and their whole families, his phone starts to ring.

“Hello?”

“Sev sweetheart, hi.”

His steps come to an abrupt halt at the sound of his neighbour’s voice. “What is it?” he almost whispers. “What’s happened? Is she okay?”

“She’s fine, she’s fine, just had a bit of a spill—“

“She fell?” Severus asks, feeling suddenly cold, like a bucket of ice water has just been dumped over his head. “When? Where is she? I’ll get a train or—I can check the bus schedule maybe there’s—“

“Severus breathe baby, okay? I need you to breathe.”

He doesn’t want to breathe, he wants to see his mum, but since that would be a pathetically childish thing to say he forces himself to inhale instead. 

“I’ve brought her to the ER, she’s just with the doctor now,” Sandra goes on calmly. “She didn’t want me to worry you but I figured I should call you anyway. She’s doing fine though, absolutely fine. A bit of bruising, might have sprained her wrist.”

Severus nods along a little jerkily even though he knows that she can’t see him. “Okay, okay. I—thank you for calling me.”

“Of course.”

“H—how did she fall? Do you know?”

“I think she just got a bit light-headed that’s all, a little dizzy.”

Cold. Cold. Cold.

“She’s sick again,” he whispers, curling around the phone like he’s afraid of letting those words escape.

“No, Sev listen to me honey, okay? Your mum is just fine. Everyone falls down every once and a while, it’s nothing more than that, okay?”

He’d like to believe her, really he would. Except that his mother never seems to be one of those people who just falls down. She is more like one of those people who has a cough one minute and a tumour the next. First it was breast cancer. And then it was in her blood. She wasn’t supposed to live to his graduation. But she did. Somehow she did.. Somehow she’s still here with him.

“Where was he?” Severus finally asks. “Why isn’t he there with her? Why isn’t he calling me?

There’s a small pause and then; “I’m not sure where your father is. Your mother seemed to be under the impression that he was at work but, well,” yes, well. His father has a particular knack for never being where he’s supposed to be. Especially if that place is work. God forbid he help to pay the bills. “I couldn’t reach him there.”

“Shocking.”

Sandra only hums. “I’ve left a message on his phone, I expect I’ll hear back from him soon.”

Severus doubts that, but he doesn’t bother saying so. “Okay, you’ll keep me updated, yeah?”

“Of course darling.”

“And you're sure I don’t need to come down?” not that he could afford it. Not that he has the time.

“Absolutely positive, I’ll make sure to stay with her until your father gets home, I promise. She won’t be alone.”

He grimaces, his father being with her isn’t exactly a comfort but there’s not much he can do about that. Not much he’s ever been able to do about that. “Okay,” he manages finally.

“Try not to worry yourself too much,” Sandra says gently. “I promise she’s alright.”

She’s never alright, he wants to say, but doesn’t. It will only lead to more platitudes.

“I’ll try.” 

He doesn’t start walking right away after he hangs-up. Frozen for a minute, just trying to catch his breath, trying to calm himself down. It’s okay. She’ll be okay. She’s not sick. She’s not. He’s still looking down at the phone in his hand, which is why he doesn’t see them coming.

A shoulder rams into him, knocking his bag to the ground and scattering its contents across the lawn, Severus stumbling backwards, barely keeping his balance. 

“What the fuck?” he demands automatically.

“Get out of the way Snivellus!” someone shouts. It was too much to ask that Potter and Black leave that nickname in High School where it belonged. Instead they had to introduce it to all their hockey douche bag friends. It only takes a minute for him to realize that it was Mulciber who slammed into him. The other boy giving him a two fingered salute as he and the other dickwads in letterman jackets disappear down the street. 

Severus sighs. That’s what he gets for sticking his neck out for baby Black. Something he never should have done. It’s only caused problems for him, and he’s no idea how exactly he’s going to get back on Nick’s good side, though he fully intends to. The problem with Regulus Black is that Severus finds himself oddly intrigued by him. Despite his family, his brother, the fact that his mother got him an internship Severus had to work two years for with the snap of her fingers—there is something endearing about Regulus. He doesn’t take up the space his older brother does. Seems embarrassed more often than not. And against all odds, Severus can relate to him. He let that get to him. Opened his mouth when he shouldn’t have. And now he’s paying for it. As though he didn’t have enough to worry about without being on Mulciber’s shit list.

He gets down on his knees and starts to pick up his stuff. People walking around him, barely bothering to step over his textbooks and laptop. He resists the urge to trip them.

“I take it you and Nick aren’t friends anymore then?”

Severus freezes, but only for a second, he hopes it isn’t noticeable. He doesn’t look up at Lily, his face already on fire at the thought that she just witnessed that. “We’ve never been friends,” he mutters, scrambling to pick up his stuff faster so he can get out of the goddamn dirt and off his fucking knees.

Some days Severus feels like he was born kneeling.

Born begging for mercy.

“That’s not true.”

He sighs, shoving his last remaining pens into his bag before finally—thankfully—getting to his feet and looking Lily in the eye. “He had something I wanted and I had something he wanted,” dusting off his pants. “I wouldn’t exactly call that friendship.” 

“What would you call it then?” he’s not sure if the question is rhetorical, so he answers it. 

“Business.”

Lily snorts. It’s been a while since he’s gotten anything close to a positive reaction out of her and he feels something that ought to be dead and gone start to wiggle to life in his chest.

“Business,” she shakes her head, kicking at the ground. There’s a pause, the sun is that burnt kind of orange, the sky pink, darkness poking at the edges. Lily is lit up, the magic hour dancing across her skin. It is so much more than beauty. It’s home, home, home. It’s didn’t these arms make you feel so safe? It’s shelter from the storm. It’s home, home, home. And it’s gone.

“What did you have that Nick wanted?” Lily asks finally, eyes coming back to him, and he blinks, trying to focus.

“Why?” he manages, coughing a bit, clearing his throat of any embarrassing sentiment. “You can’t imagine me having anything he would want?”

She rolls her eyes. “I can’t imagine you having anything he’d appreciate.”

And, well, Severus supposes that’s fair enough. “Intelligence,” he says simply. “That’s what I had.”

Lily smiles at him. “Right, of course, you always did have that,” he wonders if she’s thinking about third grade, when he let her copy his spelling test answers, or sixth grade, when the pair of them got the highest mark in the class for their science project. Or if she even remembers any of that. Sometimes, when she looks at him, or looks passed him, he thinks she doesn’t. She can’t. Not the way he does. Her smile fades. “Too bad you use it for evil.”

He sighs. “Evil? Really?” giving her an exasperated look. “A bit dramatic don’t you think?”

“A bit,” she allows. “But still true.”

This is where they always end up. The age old stalemate.

“I don’t see why it bothers you so much.” He knows his lines. He’ll play his part.

“Really? You don’t?”

He gives her a blank stare that only makes her huff, cheeks indignantly red beneath her freckles.

“You became an asshole.”

“Cheers Lily.”

“Well, am I wrong?” she demands. “It’s like when we got here some switch flicked in you, and you started acting like someone else. I mean the people you hang out with? The things I’ve heard you say? God’s sake you’re interning at one of those companies that makes its money putting families out of business. Is that really what you want to do with your life Sev? Doesn’t it make you feel dirty?”

Severus lets out a long suffering sigh, looking away. “This is pointless.”

“I just don’t get how you can act like you don’t know it’s all bullshit. How you can act like we didn’t grow up the way we did. Is that it Sev? Are you embarrassed?”

Yes.

“No.”

She’s silent for a moment before laughing sadly. “We were supposed to change the world, remember?”

He does remember, sitting under the deck in Lily’s back garden, plotting, planning. When we’re all grown up, we’ll fix this. All of this. We’ll make the world fair. 

“That’s what I’m doing,” he shoots back.

“How? By paling around with the young conservatives?”

He glares. “You can’t change anything without money and power Lily, surely you’ve realized that by now? And the people who have those things are people like Nick and Lucius. So I’ll play their game until— ”

“Until what Severus? One day you decide you’ve made enough money to start having a conscience again? You really think it works like that?”

“Yes,” he says through clenched teeth. “I really think it works like that. But if it makes you feel better I can start fucking one of them, since that seems to make everything perfectly acceptable in your books.”

Lily throws her arms up in the air. “It’s not the same! Me dating James is not the same, how many times do we have to go over this?”

“At least once more apparently,” he says bitterly. “You’re the one who changed Lily not me, you’re the one who actually likes them.” He doesn’t say love even though he thinks Lily might. Might love James Potter. Or Sirius Black. The thought makes him queasy.

Lily lets out a frustrated noise before adjusting the bag on her back. “You’re right, this is pointless.”

“Glad we can agree.”

Another sad laugh. “You know, you wanna convince yourself that you’re some kind of undercover Robin Hood? Fine, go for it. But I think this hole you’re digging for yourself is gonna be a hell of a lot harder to get out of than you think it is," he doesn't have anything to say to that. Doesn't think there is anything really. Lily sighs. "Forget it, I'll see you around.” She turns away before he can say anything back. 

He feels regret when she starts to walk away. Feels the deep and desperate desire to reach for her, to call her back, to tell her about his mum—because Lily was there for the worst of it. To tell her about his funding being late—because Lily’s the one who helped him with the forms the first time round. But he doesn’t do either of those things.

She’s wrong about him. 

She is.

He’ll kiss the asses he needs to kiss to get into the rooms he needs to get into. Then he’ll make his money, buy his mum a nice house, and burn the rest of the world to the ground.

 

 

Part IV Alice   

The longer she’s at Salazar the more ill at ease she becomes. The more it feels as though something here isn’t…right. The way the older players are with the younger ones feels like it edges very close to lines that ought not to be crossed. And that’s just from what she sees. She cannot imagine what is happening in all the places she isn’t. She tells Crouch Sr., he’s the coach after all, she hopes he’ll talk to them. Look out for them. But he brushes her off. And from that moment on, she can’t help but feel that Tom Riddle is watching her carefully.

The interesting thing about Riddle, is that everyone seems to adore him. From the coaches to the caretakers, people fall all over themselves in front of him. He smiles, he says hello to everyone, has impeccable manners for a twenty-year old boy. Alice doesn’t buy any of it, but apparently she’s the only one.

Well, her and Barty.

She’s leaving work one day when she spots the three men standing at the other end of the hallway, her steps slowing. Coach Crouch has his hand on Riddle’s shoulder, the captain is slightly taller than him, nodding along in agreement to whatever the older man is whispering in his ear. A few paces behind them Barty stands with his bag over his shoulder, watching with his familiar expression of disinterest, back ramrod straight, brace on his knee. He shouldn’t be playing in the game tomorrow. Shouldn’t have played in any of the games this season, if she’s being honest. She’s told his father that too. Not that it’s made a difference.

She leans against the wall, straining her ears, trying to figure out what Crouch is saying. Both men look intent, eyes sharp. But they’re too quiet. And then Crouch straightens up, giving Riddle a pat on the back as he pulls away, nodding to Barty who follows behind him. Behind, not beside. There’s something odd about that. Odd enough that Alice is distracted and doesn’t realize that Riddle isn’t going the same way.

“Alice,” his smooth voice snaps her focus back to the present, and she does her best not to look like she’s just been caught eavesdropping. Her best is, admittedly, not very good.

“Hi Tom,” she says, projecting as much confidence as she can. He gives her a funny sort of smile, she thinks it’s supposed to be charming—one side of his mouth pulling up further than the other, eyebrows quirked. It feels rehearsed.

“Sorry, were we blocking your path?” he asks, in a tone that suggests he knows very well that they weren’t.

“No, I was just heading out now,” in a tone that suggests that she knows very well she had just been standing there staring. What a fun little game of pretend they’re playing. Alice’s skin already beginning to itch. She’s no good at lying. It gives her hives.

Riddle nods, eyes looking her over. It isn’t sexual the way you might expect. Furthest thing from it actually. It’s more…calculating. “Which way are you going?” he asks her eventually. 

“Along Sherbourne, towards the subway.”

“Me too,” he smiles again. No more convincingly. “I’ll walk you.”

“That’s okay, really—“

“No, I insist, it’s getting dark out. What kind of gentleman would I be if I let you go on your own, huh?”

She does her very best not to roll her eyes. Gentleman? Really? What a prick. “I mean, if you want to—“

“I do,” too fast and too sharp. 

Alice gives him a tight smile. “Alright then.”

She is almost certain she’s never felt more uncomfortable or more awkward in her life. They don’t speak as they walk out of the arena, Alice’s arms crossed tightly over her chest, Riddle walking comfortably at her side. He towers over her, dressed in an expensive looking dark green sweater and grey peacoat that reaches to the tops of his knees. He looks more like someone leaving a country club than hockey practice.

“How’re you settling into Salazar?” he asks pleasantly.

“Fine,” Alice says, and then, realizing that she’s being rude: “Everyone has been very nice.” Which is not, strictly speaking, true. But he doesn’t need to know that.

“I’m glad to hear it,” Riddle says, shooting her a smile. His teeth are uncannily white. “It must have been quite an adjustment, coming from Godric.”

Alice wobbles her head from side to side, pulling her arms more tightly against her chest as a sharp, cold wind blows through her. “I suppose. The green takes some getting used to,” he chuckles politely at her lame joke. “But everything else is pretty much the same honestly.”

“Really?” he asks. She nods, looking both ways before they cross the street. “I can’t quite imagine that’s true,” Riddle goes on. Alice looks up at him, confused.

“Why don’t you think it’s true?” she asks, feet moving as quickly as they can, praying that the subway station will somehow be magically closer. Riddle keeps up with her easily.

“Well they must do things differently there,” he drawls on. “If you think the team PT can badmouth the captain without any repercussions.”

Alice stumbles, Riddle’s hand reaching out and catching her, grabbing hold of her arm. She stares at him, wide-eyed for a second, the sky behind his head dark, the streetlights flickering, casting shadows over his face. He blocks out everything. Teeth sparkling in the low light. “Careful,” he says sweetly. A threat.

“I’m fine,” Alice pulls herself out of his grip, but neither of them start walking again. “Crouch told you?”

That sharp smile. “Of course he told me,” he tilts his head to the side. “I mean, what exactly did you think was going to happen? I’m his star player, his captain.”

“Barty is his star player,” she doesn’t know why she says that, it just comes out. Honestly, she’s not even sure if it’s true. She’s been keeping up with the season but she hasn't exactly memorized all their stats. Still, she sees it, just for a second, maybe even less, a small crack in Riddle’s unbothered facade.

“Not for much longer I don’t think, hasn’t got much heart our superstar does he?” he leans into her space, voice dropping. “Like playing with a corpse.”

There is some truth to that, she thinks. Not that she’s about to admit it to Riddle.

“Is there something you want from me Tom?” she asks, holding his cold gaze.

“Always.”

It’s work not to roll her eyes “Spit it out then. I don’t want to miss my train.”

He laughs, but it isn’t remotely joyful. “I like you Alice.”  She gives him a skeptical look which only makes him laugh more. “I do. You have…” he waves his long fingers vaguely through the air. “Fire,” he decides on, eventually. “I can appreciate that. But I’m going to need you to stop interfering with my team.”

“Your team?” she asks.

“Yes. My team.”

She looks at him for a moment before deciding she really hasn’t anything to lose at this point, “Leave the rookies alone.” A simple demand.

Smiling. Smiling. Smiling. “No.”

“I’ll go to the Dean.”

Smiling. Smiling. Smiling. “You do that,” he says. “George is a good friend of mine, used to play on the team back when he was in school.”

Fucking of course. Stupid bullshit boys club. But Alice isn’t backing down.

“I’m not going to stand by and let you torment those kids.”

“Oh Alice,” he reaches out and tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. “Yes, you are.” The only reason she doesn’t shove him away is the shock. “You’re dating Frank Longbottom right? He’s playing in the AHL?”

Alice just blinks at him. “How do you know that?”

Riddle shrugs. “I know a lot of things. For instance, I know your waste of space boyfriend is never getting out of the minors.”

“Excuse me—“

“He’s mediocre at best and always will be. My bet is that he rots in minor purgatory for a few years before knocking you up and quitting, maybe coaching little league or something.”

“Oh okay, you can fuck right off!”

He laughs again. “Or,” he goes on. “Or maybe he doesn’t even get that far.”

There is something in his eyes that Alice doesn’t like at all. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

His smile spreads. A knife. A blade. Alice can practically feel it cutting into her. “I know things,” he says. And then: “I know people. Like your boyfriend’s coach, for instance.”

Something cold drips down Alice’s spine. “Are you threatening me?”

“Finally catching on are you?”

She opens and closes her mouth, too indignant to speak.

“Leave my team alone,” he goes on. “Or I’ll make sure your boyfriend’s pathetic career is even more pathetic.”

She’s going to kill him. She’s going to kill him with her bare hands. She’s going to—

“Better get going,” he says, nodding towards the subway station as he takes a step away from her. “I wouldn’t want you to miss your train.”

 

 

 
Notes:

    IM SORRY

    god this chapter is so late

    it has gone through many iterations - originally lily and sev went on a whole road trip and i went back and forth between making this whole chapter from his POV and as we can see that is not even remotely what happened SO

    but look at our wittle wolfstar, aren't they cute? hold on to that, because jegulus is now and forever on the struggle bus :) :) :)

    oh and SALAZAR bro im so excited for salazar, Barty's chapter is gonna be dark (well dark-ish), idk if you already assumed that but it will be, ive been listening to this hockey podcast and i swear to you after every episode i just sit there and stare at a wall for a little while cause im like. wow. this is terrible. sports culture is so terrible. SO LOOK FORWARD TO THAT.

    also do not feel the need to tell me that you don't like evan and cerci together it will not change the way i write this story, like i love you but it won't thankyoukbye <3

Chapter 22
Summary:

    Secrets

Notes:

    tw/cws

    aggressive make-out session?

    mention of passing out

    brief reference to Regulus needing to eat

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Remus

They don’t kiss at the bar, as much as Remus wants to. As much as he wants to crawl across the table and into Sirius’s lap. By some silent agreement neither of them closes the space between them. Not when there are so many people around, so many people who might notice that Sirius Black, one of the school’s star hockey players, future NHL-er, is making out with a guy. This isn’t for them. They can’t have it. So instead the kiss fizzles and crackles and snaps between them. Instead it dances across their skin. Remus feels a little manic on the walk home, something jolting in his chest every time Sirius looks at him, every time their arms accidentally brush. He knows they talk about something, but honestly, he’s barely paying attention, ready to come apart by the time he’s following Sirius up the stairs to their apartment.

He closes the door, turns the lock, pausing for a second to let out a shaky breath. So— but by the time he turns around Sirius is pressing him back into the wall. Mouth hot and insistent. Remus can feel a noise leave his throat, glad he’s saved the embarrassment of actually having to hear it, certain it’s some whiny, hungry, needy thing.

His hands are in Sirius’s hair, pulling maybe a little too aggressively, but if the way Sirius presses himself into Remus is any indication, he doesn’t seem to mind. Besides, he gives as good as he gets, taking Remus’s lip between his teeth and biting. It hurts, but in a wonderful kind of way. Remus tries to pull him closer, even though there already isn’t any space between them. He just wants more. More, more, more. All of the twisted pain of the last time they did this has disappeared, and now there are only years of wanting between them.

Remus’s leg ends up wrapped around Sirius, whose hand slides under his thigh to grip his ass, squeezing.

Fuck, Remus curses, he can feel Sirius’s laughter against his skin as the other boy starts making his way down his neck. Filthy, open mouthed kisses—licking and biting and sucking. Remus is going to have a hickey if he doesn’t cut it out soon. The thought makes a kind of hysterical giggle bubble out of him.

Their mouths come together again and Remus feels hot, his heart pounding in his chest, skin too tight. Sirius’s hands slip under his shirt. Sliding up his sides, his chest, there’s something possessive in this touch. Fuck, Remus repeats, squeezing his eyes shut. It feels good. It does. Really it does. But—Stop. Sirius—Stop, stop.

Sirius instantly steps back, hands coming up like he’s being arrested, concern on his face, ____ _____.

Remus blinks at him, breathing heavy. He can’t focus and Sirius is speaking too fast, his words running into one another. He shakes his head. What? Thankfully, this time Sirius uses his hands.

Sorry, he says, lips kissed red. I said Sorry. That was…a lot.

Remus can’t help but laugh, he feels a little giggly and also a little overwhelmed and—and happy. Yeah, well. We’re kind of a lot, he manages finally. Which makes Sirius smile, hand rubbing at the back of his neck. Remus had been touching him there a few seconds ago. Remus had had his hand in Sirius’s hair. His tongue in his mouth. He laughs again, passing a hand over his face.

Okay, he signs. Okay so, I think, maybe, we should have some rules?

Sirius quirks his brow. Rules?

Remus grimaces. Well, maybe not rules exactly but, I just think we should try to take things a little….slower?

Sirius makes an “oh” shape with his mouth. Got it, he goes on. And then, with a wolfish smirk that stirs something entirely unhelpful low in Remus's stomach: You don’t want me to think you’re a floozy for putting out on the first date.

Remus rolls his eyes, even though he can feel his cheeks heating up. This wasn’t even a date.

It was kind of a date.

It was not.

You bought me food and beer!

I always buy you food and beer.

Maybe we’ve been dating this whole time then.

Remus gives him a baleful look, pinching the bridge of his nose. What the hell has he gotten himself into? Listen, he tries again. I just…I want us to do this right, okay? I think we could be…I think this could be really good, he fidgets, not quite meeting Sirius’s eye, uncomfortable with the vulnerability of that statement. With how much he means it. If we, you know, don’t fuck it up.

Sirius looks at him for a second before. Yeah okay, he says, slowly closing the space between them again, Remus watching him. Desperately. Helplessly. I’m going to romance the hell out of you Remus John Lupin.

Remus rolls his eyes again. Fuck off.

No I am, leaning into to his space. And then I’m going to suck your dick. Remus feels his breath hitch in chest, Sirius barely an inch away from him. You’ll have to teach me how though, I’ve never done it before.

Fuck.

Sirius smiles and it’s evil. Absolutely diabolical.

That’s the idea. 

 

 

Remus wishes he didn’t feel so self-conscious in the library. He’d really like to spend more time here, but he can never escape the fear that he is making too much noise. That people are looking at him. Even when he doesn’t open his mouth he’s certain he’s disturbing someone. Still, every once in a while his hunt for a book will send him to a floor or an aisle that’s completely empty, and then he just gets to enjoy it. He loves all the broken spines and folded pages and years of notes scribbled in the margins. He even loves the smell—a little old, a little dusty, a little warn-in. There’s something magic about it. About all the things you don’t know yet.

He’s on his way down to the front desk with his haul of books when he spots a dark, curly head of hair asleep at the table in front of him. He makes the same mistake he always does—Sirius—and for a moment his heart skips a little, corners of his mouth twitching upwards. But it isn’t Sirius, of course. Hell would have to freeze over before you’d find Sirius Black in the library. It’s a testament to how appallingly smitten Remus is right now that that thought makes him smile.   

His feet start moving almost without his permission, something pulling him towards the sleeping boy despite his better judgement. He’s never had a particularly pleasant conversation with Regulus Black, so he’s not exactly sure what he’s expecting now. Some part of him just feels the reckless urge to poke him. He looks around, making sure the floor is still, as far as he can tell, empty, before letting his books slam down on the tabletop as he sits in the chair across from Regulus. The other boy snaps upright, startled. It’s possible he curses but Remus isn’t sure. After a second, a pair of grey blurry eyes find him.

You.

Remus nods. Me.

Regulus just keeps looking at him, owlish and confused. And young. God, he looks young. Which barely makes any sense, because there can’t be much more than a year or two between them. Eventually, Regulus brings his hands up to his face, scrubbing at his eyes.

____ time is it?

Remus pulls his phone out of his back pocket to check. Three.

In the afternoon?

Remus snorts, certain Regulus is joking, but when the other boy just keeps waiting for an answer he realizes it’s a genuine question. Yes, three in the afternoon.

Regulus nods, looking down at his notes, shuffling things around. Remus thinks he mutters something but he doesn’t catch what it is. There are bags under Regulus’s eyes, deep, blue and purple. He very much resembles a harried raccoon.

When was the last time you slept? Remus finds himself asking.

Regulus’s eyes flick up to him. _____ thirty seconds ago.

Remus gives him an unimpressed look. Okay. When was the last time you slept in a bed then?

Regulus shrugs, returning his attention to his school work. He speaks but Remus can’t really see his mouth so, once again, he misses it.

What? he asks.

Regulus looks up, a distinctly irritated expression on his face. It’s so odd, he has Sirius’s hair, his eyes, his nose. But really, up close like this, he looks nothing like him at all. The heat that sits just beneath Sirius’s skin is ice in Regulus. It’s a little unnerving.

Shouldn’t you be babysitting my brother? Regulus finally snaps, causing Remus to arch his brow. Dick, he can’t help but think. 

He’s with James. He’s fine. Something odd flickers across Regulus’s face before he looks down again. Talking. It’s incredibly irritating the way he does that, always turning away when he has something to say. Remus has to resist the urge to groan. He doesn’t bother asking for clarification this time.

You should call him every once in a while.

Regulus’s eyes narrow. And that’s your business because?

It isn’t. At all. But Regulus kinda pisses him off so. I’m his babysitter, right?

Regulus gives him a flat look before shaking his head. I’m busy.

He lives like two blocks away from you.

And?

And, you could put in a little effort.

Thank you for your input.

You’re welcome.

Are you done?

Remus is now glaring right back at him. He went home for you. The least you could do is make him feel like you want him around. 

Regulus looks at him and then away. His face is tense, teeth grinding beneath his skin, hands curling into fists on the table. It’s his home too.

Bullshit.

They’re his parents.

He went home because you asked him to. He hurt himself for you.

Regulus rolls his eyes. He went home for Christmas, he didn’t go to war.

Remus seriously considers shoving him off his chair. Well. I can see why you and Nicolai get along so well.

Regulus visibly flinches. We— his face looks mildly paler than it had a second ago. No. We aren’t. It’s not like that.

Sure seemed like that.

Regulus grimaces. I—sorry. I’m sorry about ____. I shouldn’t have let him… but Regulus doesn’t seem to know how to end that thought. Fair enough, Remus isn’t sure how he wants him to end it.

Whatever Regulus, he says eventually, picking his books up and getting to his feet. Just call your brother okay? He…worries. It’s sweet honestly, and so unlike Sirius. Usually Sirius acts like consequences don’t exist, like he’s invincible, he does what he pleases and assumes he’ll survive the fallout whatever it is. He would run off the edge of a cliff if you convinced him it would be good fun. But with Regulus he’s so careful. Like as soon as his baby brother is there Sirius becomes unavoidably aware that the world is full of sharp edges and pointed teeth. And he just wants to bundle him up and keep him safe.

Yes mom, Regulus sneers.

Remus rolls his eyes. You know, I don’t know what the fuck you’re doing here Regulus. Really, I don’t. Of all the schools in the country you chose to come here. Chose to come to him. And now, what? You can’t be bothered to talk to him? What is up with that? What kind of fucking mind game is that? Because I can’t figure it out, but it’s not fair to him.

Regulus’s face twists, tying itself in knots. He looks away, scratching at the table in front of him, knee bouncing up and down. Like I said, he manages eventually. I’m busy.

Which isn’t good enough. Not even close.

Right. Well. Good luck with that.

He heads for the stairs before he can say something he’ll really regret.

 

 

He’s studying at the kitchen table when Sirius comes in and sits down across from him. Remus’s eyes flick up. Hello?

Sirius grins. Hi.

He waits for Sirius to continue and when he doesn’t Remus returns his attention to his laptop. Sirius lets him get away with that for about five seconds before he starts nudging him with his foot under the table. Remus sighs, looking up again.

Sooooooooooo, Sirius drags the word out excessively, causing Remus to arch his brow. I was wondering if you’re busy Friday?

Remus blinks. This Friday? He’s not entirely sure why he asks that, just surprised by the question he supposes.

Yes. This Friday.

No?

Sirius’s grin grows. Excellent, then you should go out with me. On a date, he leans forward, waggling his eyebrows ridiculously. A romantic date.

Remus snorts, A romantic date?

Yup.

As opposed to what?  trying to keep himself from laughing.

Sirius throws his head back dramatically, before giving Remus an exasperated look. Do you want to talk semantics or do you want to go out with me Remus Lupin?

Okay.

Okay? Not very enthusiastic that.

What do you want? A parade?

Sirius looks thoughtful. Now that you mention it…

Remus laughs, kicking him under the table. Oh fuck off you dick. Yes, I’ll go on a date with you.

A romantic date, Sirius corrects, unnecessarily.

Yes. Okay. A romantic date. 

Remus is suddenly very happy they live alone, because the way they’re looking at one another right now is disgusting and embarrassing and he’s glad that no one else is around to see it. They’re idiots. God, they’re so stupid. But he can’t stop smiling. Barely manages not to reach out  and grab Sirius. Not to run his hands over every inch of him. It’s not even about the sex. He just wants to double check that he’s real. That this is real.

What’re we going to do on this romantic date then? he asks finally.

Well, something flickers across Sirius’s face. Something a little…nervous? I was thinking, maybe we might try, this. He slides his phone across the table. It’s open to an instagram page. Remus picks the phone up, squinting down at the screen.

 

Godric Deaf Awareness Club

 

The account name reads. And then, just below, is a picture of some balloons set against a colourful background, the word Carnival written above them, with Friday’s date below. Remus stares at it for a long time before looking back at Sirius. He tries to speak but he can’t quite figure out what he wants to say, Sirius’s hands fidget.

Did you know there was a deaf society at the school? he asks finally. Remus had. He’s never been to any of their events but he was aware they existed. He’d thought about going once or twice, but something always stopped him. Maybe it was his father’s voice, begging him to be “normal”. Or maybe he’d just been afraid of putting himself out there. Afraid of finding out that he still didn’t fit in. Didn’t belong. He doesn’t know. Doesn’t know why he can’t explain any of that to Sirius either. Sirius who presses on when Remus takes too long to answer.

I was thinking about the other day, after your parents left, the way you were talking about yourself like you’re, he pauses, eyes sad, and then: like you’re a burden. And I thought that maybe that’s a little bit on us.

Remus screws up his face. What? What do you mean?

Well, Sirius shrugs. We always make you do hearing things.

Most things are hearing things, Remus manages. That’s kind of how the world works.

I mean yes, sure, but, there are other things, he gestures to his phone. And it’s not just the school either, there’s a bunch of deaf clubs around in the city, and I was just thinking that maybe, if we did more of that sort of stuff, you wouldn’t feel…he doesn’t seem to know how to finish that sentence. Alone? he goes with in the end.  

Remus just stares at him, heart wobbling in his chest. Have you been looking up deaf clubs?

Yeah . A bit. Some of them look really cool. Hockey is a bitch to schedule around, but I was thinking we—

We?

Sirius stops. Yeah, I thought—I mean, but if you want to go by yourself? That makes sense actually. I’m not even sure if I’d technically be allowed. I should probably check—

He doesn’t get to finish that thought because Remus is out of his chair and crawling into Sirius’s lap. Face between his hands. Kissing him. Kissing, kissing, kissing. He doesn’t know how to explain what is happening inside him right now. What this feels like.

Eventually he manages to pull back. Sirius beaming up at him. Did I do good?

Remus almost cries, somehow managing to laugh instead. Bending down to kiss Sirius’s forehead. His cheeks. His nose.

Yes, he says, breathless. Yes, you did good. Thank you. 

 

 

Part II James

He’s only just got back from practice when his phone starts ringing. He considers leaving it. For starters, it’s all the way on the floor in the side pocket of his gym bag and James is currently on his bed. His very comfy bed. He lets it ring once. Twice. Three times. Groaning, he crawls over to the edge, lazily fumbling with his bag.

 

Regulus

 

The screen reads, and James smiles.

“Hey you,” he says, turning over to lie on his back.

“Potter?”

James blinks. “What?” he says, which isn’t really what he means, it’s just the first word that comes out of his mouth. He sits up. “Who is this?”

A long suffering sigh comes from the other end. “Look, Black’s gone and passed out at work and he won’t let me call an ambulance so—“

“Severus?” James cuts him off.

“Yes, congratulations Sherlock Holmes. Now, can you come get him or not?” There’s muttering in the background and then: “Oh please. You can’t stand-up without getting woozy you’re not staying here.”

James’s brain, which feels as though it’s been moving in slow motion, suddenly speeds up. “Where are you? I’m coming.” His muscles groan when he scrambles off his bed but he ignores them, shoving his feet into his shoes.

“I’ll bring him down to the front of the office building. You know where that is?”

James nods, grabbing his car keys and heading out the door.

“Potter?”

Right, it’s a phone call. “Yes, sorry. Yes I know where that is. I’ll be there in like fifteen minutes.”

“Good,” is all the other boy says, before the line goes dead. 

 

 

It takes all the self-control James has not to break every traffic law to get to Regulus faster. He still ends up speeding, hands gripping the wheel so tight he thinks his knuckles will split through his skin. Cursing every red light he runs into. He knows, rationally, that Regulus is fine. Except that he also knows, at the same time, that Regulus is not at all fine, and he has no idea what to do.

Usually he would ask Sirius.

Or his dad.

But he can’t. Can’t go to either of them. And it makes him feel lost. Tetherless. Most of the time James feels pretty grown-up—he lives on his own, he pays rent, goes grocery shopping. But in moments like this he realizes that it’s all a bit of an act. He might be going through the motions of being an adult but he isn’t really one, not deep down. He still needs someone to tell him what to do. Needs someone to tell him it will be alright. He’s still no good at standing on his own.

He pulls up to the towering office building, parking half on the curb but he doesn’t really give a shit. He can see Severus standing up a few feet away, Regulus sitting on the bench behind him, curled over his knees. James practically trips out of the car, jogging over to them.

“Potter,” Severus says.

“What happened?” James barely looks at him as he crouches down in front of Regulus, hands wrapping around his calves. “Reg?”

“Sorry,” Regulus mutters, voice rough as he holds his face in his hands, eyes closed. He looks so pale, sweat dotting his forehead.

James shakes his head, giving Regulus’s legs a squeeze. “It’s fine. You know it is.” Then, turning back to Severus who is regarding them with a level of scrutiny James is sure Regulus wouldn’t appreciate: “What happened?” he asks again.

The other boy pauses for a moment, before: “I don’t know. Found him on the bathroom floor. I think he hit his head. Doesn’t look too bad, no blood, but there’s already a bruise.” James’s stomach squirms. “He came to pretty soon after I found him. Wouldn’t let me get him any help. Eventually he told me to call you.” There’s an unspoken question in that last sentence. A why? that James can’t answer. So he just nods.

“Okay, okay,” he looks back at Regulus. “Can you walk?”

“Yeah.” Regulus says, at the same time that Severus says: “No.”

“I can,” Regulus grits out.

Severus rolls his eyes. “We had to stop at least three times on the way down here, and he spent the whole elevator ride sitting on the floor with his head between his knees.”

James swallows, throat tight. “You get light-headed?” he asks.

“It’s not that bad,” Regulus mutters.

This pulls another exasperated noise from Severus. “Whatever, it’s your head, I don’t care if you fall down and split it open on the sidewalk. No skin off my nose.”

Regulus opens his mouth to snap back but James interrupts.

“Well I care so, how ‘bout you put your arm around my neck alright? You can lean on me, the car’s just over there,” he nods back towards the curb.

Regulus takes a deep breath, finally dropping his hands and sitting back. “I can walk,” he repeats stubbornly.

James arches his brow. “Listen, you either let me help you or I’m going to carry you over there bridal style. Your choice.”

Regulus glares at him for a moment before eventually relenting, James doesn’t think he has the strength to fight at the moment. “Fine.”

“Great. Ready?”

Regulus rolls his eyes, reaching for James instead of answering. James stands up slowly, hunching over so him and Regulus are closer to the same height, his arm wrapping protectively around Regulus’s waist. The younger boy takes a shaky breath, eyes squeezing shut.

“Good?”

After a few seconds Regulus nods, eyes opening again. “Good.”

“Okay,” James looks over his head at Severus. “Thank you, really. I—it means a lot.”

Severus just stares back at him. “Sure Potter. Whatever you say.” Turning around and heading towards the office.

“He really hates you,” Regulus mutters, voice scratchy.

James huffs, “Yeah. He does. I probably deserve it.”

“Don’t be stupid,” Regulus says, though his words are concerningly slurred. James barely manages to keep his promise, every particle of his being desperate to just scoop Regulus up in his arms.

It’s a slow walk back to the car. After just a few steps Regulus’s head starts to hang forward, his breathing a little more laboured, and he’s—hot. Sweat soaking through his shirt.

“Still good?” James checks.

“Mm,” the younger boy answers, which doesn’t exactly inspire confidence in James.

“You need to stop?”

“No, I can make it to the car. Just. Stop. Talking.”

James doesn’t argue. Opening the door for him when they finally get there and helping him into the passenger seat. Regulus instantly curls forward, dropping his head between his knees again. James can’t help reaching out, putting his hand on his back, and rubbing slow circles into it.

“Reg—“

“I’m fine. Can you just—“ but he cuts himself off. It’s a few seconds before his voice comes back, thin and tense: “I just want to go home.”

James nods, “Okay,” eventually forcing himself to pull away and get into his own side of the car. He gives Regulus one last look before pulling away from the curb and into the street. It takes a few minutes before Regulus sits up, leaning his head back against the seat.

“Sorry,” he says again, eyes straight ahead. 

James shoots him a look out of the corner of his eye. “Why?”

“Just…” Regulus pulls his mouth into an unhappy line. “Severus shouldn’t have called you. But he wouldn’t leave me alone and I—I didn’t know what else to do. I didn’t want him to call a fucking ambulance. Or Sirius.”

James can see the bruise now, big and blue, near Regulus’s temple, above his left eye.

“Why didn’t you want him to call Sirius?” James asks finally. 

Regulus lets out a long breath. “He’d just…freak out.”

James almost laughs. Because he is definitely freaking out. He honestly might be past freaking out at this point, moved up to some more serious level of worry. Regulus rolls his head in James’s direction.

“Don’t tell him about this okay?” he says, and James grimaces. More secrets. He fucking hates secrets. He wasn’t built for them, they don’t fit right inside his skin.

“Why?” he asks, making a lefthand turn.

“Like I said, he’ll just freak out,” and then, when James doesn’t say anything. “This isn’t a big deal. Just blood sugar or something. I’ll be fine. I am fine.”

James doesn’t think that’s quite true. “We should get you something to eat,” he says instead.

Regulus only hums noncommittally, looking out the window. “I just want to sleep,” he says finally, and James doesn’t know what to do. Something is wrong. Something is clearly wrong. He’d thought maybe it was just stress, first year is always hard—adjusting, figuring out new routines. But this…it feels like more.

“Reg, you know…” he isn’t sure what he wants to say. “You can talk to me right?”

“I am talking to you.”

“Right but…you can talk to me…about stuff.”

He can feel the tension wafting off of Regulus without even looking at him. “Stuff?” he asks brittlely.

“Yeah,” James pushes on, uncertain. “I’m here for—whatever you need okay? I really don’t mind. Whatever it is, you won’t scare me away. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.”

Regulus doesn’t speak for a long time, James shooting nervous looks in his direction periodically. Eventually the younger boy lets out a deep sigh, the kind that seems to come from his whole body.

“There’s nothing to tell James,” he says. “I promise. I’m fine.”

Which is the first moment it hits James. Properly hits him. That Sirius isn’t the only person Regulus is keeping secrets from.

 

 

Part III Evan

It’s the first thing he thinks when he wakes up. He doesn’t even know why. But it’s right there, floating above all the other thoughts. Impossible to ignore. Not that he’s trying to ignore it. At least, he doesn’t think he is? He just wishes it wasn’t so…big. Wishes it was just another thing he knew. Wishes that he could feel casual about it. But he can’t.

Today is Barty’s Birthday.

At first he decides that he won’t say anything. Things have gone back to the way they were last summer. No speaking. No contact. And it’s for the best. Healthy. So he’s not going to say anything. Barty probably doesn’t want to hear from him anyway.

That plan lasts until about noon. Because, well, he’s not a monster. It’s Barty’s birthday for goodness’ sake! He can’t say nothing. That would just be rude. So he’ll send him a text. Casual. Generic. Something he would get from any one of his old teammates. That’s okay right? You can move on without cutting someone off completely. Surely a birthday text won’t be a big deal?

He spends the next few hours crafting the message. Capitals or no capitals? Exclamation marks or no exclamation marks? Emojis? Gifs? Should he say: hope you’re having a good birthday! or just happy birthday! Which is more casual? The second one right? Fewer words are probably better. Probably more casual.

It’s nearly five in the evening when he gives up. When he leans against the side of his residence building, hand freezing because he forgot his gloves, phone pressed to his ear. Calling before he can change his mind. At first he thinks Barty isn’t going to pick-up. But just when Evan starts scrambling to come-up with some kind of voice message to leave he hears—

“Hello?”

His whole body reacts to that voice. Like being struck by lightening. Like having a hand shoved through his ribs. His throat tight.

“Happy Birthday,” he manages, cringing at how high his voice sounds. How clearly uncomfortable he is.

There’s a pause on the other end of the phone, and then: “You know, you’re the second person to say that to me today?” He doesn’t sound sad about it. Doesn’t sound anything at all about it really, like it’s just an observation he’s making. Still, something twists painfully in Evan’s chest. Only the second? is all he can think.

“Oh yeah?” he manages to choke out.

“Our new trainer, Alice, said happy birthday to me this morning. Scared the shit out of me honestly, I had no idea how she knew. It’s on my medical forms I guess.”

“Right, yeah, that makes sense,” Evan is nodding even though Barty can’t see him. Trying not to let himself really take in that the only person in Barty’s life to wish him a happy birthday was his school’s physiotherapist. “So,” he finally manages. “Good day?”

“It’s just a day Evan.”

“Nah come on, don’t say that,” he brings his free hand up to press down on his sternum, like he can keep the emotions from crawling up his throat. “It’s your birthday.”

More silence. And then: “You remember last year?”

Evan squeezes his eyes shut. “Yeah.”

“You said it was too cold to picnic outside, so you laid a blanket down in your basement, and you had a basket and everything, we ate on the floor.”

“Yeah,” he says again, clearing his throat. “Lame, I know.” He doesn’t mean that. He’d loved that day. Barty had smiled so big when he’d seen the picnic basket. The food inside. The pathetically decorated cupcakes Evan had suffocated in sprinkles.

You made these for me? Barty had asked.

Of course.

Of course, Barty repeated, like he couldn’t quite believe it.

“I liked it,” his voice crackles over the line now. And Evan’s chest squeezes.

“Yeah,” he manages finally. “Yeah, I liked it too.” For a minute they just stay like that, neither of them speaking, Evan should probably hang up. He’d wanted to wish him a happy birthday and now he has so. He should put them both out of their misery. But he can’t. He never can with Barty.

Eventually he leans his head back against the wall, sighing. “This is so fucked up.”

Barty doesn’t answer right away. When his voice does come it’s quiet. “Yeah.”

“I need to stop calling you.”

“Okay.” He doesn’t fight it, he rarely does. 

“I need to stop wanting to call you.”

“What do you want me to say Evan?”

Evan shakes his head, laughing without humour. “The same thing I always want you to say.”

“Which is?”

“That you’ll stop playing. That you’ll get away from your dad. That you’ll—“ be with me. Be with me. Be with me.

“I’m not going to say any of that.”

Another empty laugh. “I know. I know you’re not. That’s why I need to stop.”

“So why don’t you?”

Evan shakes his head. “I don’t know,” and then. “Why don’t you?”

Silence. “I don’t know.”

“Well then.”

“Yeah.”

Evan exhales. “Right. Okay. I hope—uh—I hope you have a good rest of your day.” Barty doesn’t respond. “I’ll—uh—I’ll see you, I guess.”

“At the championships.”

“Probably, yeah.”

“I’m not going to go easy on you.”

Evan can’t help but smile. “I know you won’t Bee. You never do.” He can hear Barty’s breath catch on the other end.

“You—“ Barty’s voice cracks, and then Evan hears him exhale. He wants to apologize but he doesn’t even know what for. Whatever it is he did to make Barty sound like that. Like someone’s just checked him into the boards.

“I?” Evan asks after a few seconds.

“Nothing.”

“Bee—“

“Stop.”

“I’m sorry.”

“I hate that fucking nickname.”

Evan tries not to flinch, but when he speaks his voice is small. “Okay.”

“Just call me Crouch like everyone else.”

“Alright.”

Tense silence. The type that creeps along your bones. That turns your stomach. “I have to go.”

“Right.”

“Bye.”

“By—“ but the word isn’t even fully out of Evan’s mouth before the line goes dead.

 
Notes:

    HELLO!

    I know this chapter was a bit short and sweet but SURPRISE the next one is coming out tomorrow so hopefully that makes up for it!

    Wolfstar getting their shit together! adore them! stunning! love to see it! so excited for them to not betray each other and then end up in jail falsely accused of murder and then tragically die like two years apart :) :) :) :):):):)):)))

    Jegulus NOT doing so hot, things are deteriorating. Poor James. He wants to help so bad. He just has no idea what he is helping with it. Also honestly loved the dynamic between sev, reg and James, might be bringing that back again, don't know, but it was fun to write

    Rosekiller. Bee. My sweet.

    Im really muzzling Barty right now. I am excited for the day that I allow him to speak his truth

    OKAY THAT IS ALL UNTIL TOMORROW WHEN WE GET MARY AND MARYLILY AND FABIAN etc. etc. it will be good i think :)

Chapter 23
Summary:

    Mary

Notes:

    FIRST AND FOREMOST THANK YOU SO MUCH TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED ME OUT WITH THIS CHAPTER!!!!! You were all lovely and wonderful and I really appreciate the time you took to read through this and answer my questions / give me your feedback! <3<3<3

    I also wanna say thank you to all the people who just in general offered to help, it was incredibly sweet and kind of you all to be so willing to reach out and I appreciate it!!!!

    ALSO the italicized lines that break up the sections of this chapter are from a poetry book by a Lebanese poet it's called Child of the Moon and it's by Jessica Semaan and it has some lovely prose so I fully encourage you all to check it out!

    cw: islamophobia (it occurs in the context of a class discussion, it is not in the form of physical violence or slurs)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

You will save your parents by learning to love the parts of themselves they disowned and put on you

 

Lily is next to her in bed.

She’s wearing an oversized t-shirt that slips off her shoulder, exposing her neck, the long line of her clavicle. She’s wearing gym shorts. Her hair fanned out around her. She lies on her side facing Mary, who mirrors her position. The bed is warm and their foreheads are nearly touching. All of them is nearly touching. Mary has the desire to close the space between them but she doesn’t. The morning is soft. Lily wrinkling her nose as she squints her eyes open. There is mascara smudged on the tops of her cheeks, red lines crisscrossing her face from the blankets. She is so beautiful it hurts.

“Hi,” she croaks, smiling.

“Hi,” Mary says back.

“Were you watching me sleep?”

Yes.

“Your snoring woke me up.”

Lily gasps, offended. “I do not snore!”

“You do. Like a truck.”

Lily kicks her under the covers.

“Careful Evans,” she warns. “Don’t go starting fights you can’t finish.”

Lily cocks her brow. “You think I can’t finish this?”

No, Mary thinks. I know you will. And that’s what scares her. Lily loves like she never learned what ribcages are for. Like everyone ought to be allowed inside. Lily doesn’t wear her heart on her sleeve, but carries it around in the palm of her hand. Giving it to anyone who asks. Lily will see this through to the end, just like she did with James. Mary isn’t so sure about herself. As a rule, she doesn’t finish things. Or maybe that’s not right, maybe she just doesn’t start them. Dismissing them before they even begin. It’s easier that way. Cleaner. 

A second later Lily is rolling Mary onto her back, climbing on top of her—though probably not as smoothly as she’d like to, getting tangled in the bed sheets in the process and spending several seconds trying to get herself free.

“Gotchu,” she says eventually, breathless and rosy cheeked.

Mary looks up at her blankly. “Congratulations.”

Lily rolls her eyes. “You’re no fun.”

“If you say so.”

She places her hands on either side of Mary’s head, lowering herself slightly. “Prove me wrong.”

Mary does her best, she really does, but she ends up looking at Lily’s mouth. The other girl’s lips curling up in a satisfied smirk.

“I’ve got work Evans.”

“Mhm.”

“I do.”

“Alright.”

Mary doesn’t understand how their faces have gotten closer together, noses brushing. Not that it matters. She’s weak. Always has been for Lily. Mary reaches up, closing the last few inches between them and kissing her. The other other girl makes a satisfied hum, sinking into it. But Mary doesn’t let it go on too long, bucking her hips after a few seconds and knocking Lily off. She makes an indignant squawk as Mary sits up, swinging her legs over the side of the mattress.

“I really do have to go to work.”

Lily sighs dramatically. “Fine.”

Mary looks over at her, sprawled on her back, and she can’t resist reaching out and pinching her.

“Hey! Ow!” Lily giggles, and when her bright green eyes find Mary’s she smiles back despite herself, if only for a moment. And then her phone starts buzzing.

“Christ, did you set a third alarm? You’re way more neurotic than I thought.”

The first alarm had been for prayer but Mary doesn’t bother pointing that out, too busy staring at her phone. “No it’s—no.” She reaches out before the ringing stops, putting the phone to her ear. “Sabaho, mama,” she says, standing up and walking towards her desk.

“Habibti!” comes the warm voice on the other end of the line. “How are you?”

“Fine, tired. I have work soon.”

“Wow, too busy for your mama, huh?”

Mary rolls her eyes. “That’s not—“

“You know, I carried you around for nine months? Nine whole months.”

“You don’t say.”

“Least you could do is spare a few minutes to—“

“Yes, alright, okay. Jeez.”

“Jeez,” her mother says teasingly, Mary doesn’t need to be able to see her face to know she’s smiling. Her mother is always smiling. “How is work then? It’s good?”

“Yes, good.”

“They’re paying you well?”

If minimum wage counts as well. “Yes mama.”

“Good. You’re eating?”

Mary does her best not to sigh. “I am.” 

“Really?”

“Yes, I promise.”

“And not just garbage from the take-out places, real food, yeah?”

“Yes. Real food. I use the oven and everything, I promise.”

Her mother laughs on the other end. Mary has always loved that noise.

“And are you cooking for anyone else perhaps?”

“Mama.”

“What! I just want to ask! Your aunts are always nagging me, saying ‘when is Mary going to bring home a nice boy?’ and I never have any answers for them!”

Mary does her best not to react. Not to look at Lily, who is now sitting up in her bed, watching her.

“Tell them I’m focusing on my studies. On school. You should like that.”

“I do! You know I do ta’breenee. But you can afford to smile when you see a nice boy every once and a while and still get good grades I think? I’m pretty sure about this.”

Mary sighs. “You know, most parents beg their kids not to date.”

“I just want you to be happy.”

Something like guilt twists in her stomach. 

“Yeah, I know,” feeling Lily’s eyes on the back of her neck. “Listen, mama, I really have to go, I’m gonna be late.”

“Alright, okay, okay. I’ll leave you alone. But you’ll call me, yes?”

“I always call you.”

“Not enough!”

Mary rolls her eyes again. “Okay, I’ll call you more.”

“We will see. I love you.”

“I love you too, bye.”

She stands for a moment, staring at her phone, not exactly sure what to say next. Wishing she’d left the room after she answered the phone. She could have, she doesn’t know why she didn’t. The vulnerability of having someone listen to her speak to her mother is now making her skin itch. It’s not that she’s a different person with her family, she isn’t, at least not entirely. But sometimes, she’ll hear herself speak to them, and she won’t be able to recognize her own voice. 

“So,” Lily finally breaks the silence. “That was your mom?”

“Yup.” The word is clipped. Short. 

Another long silence follows it. Maybe Mary is meant to say more but she’s never really been particularly chatty, that’s more Lily’s thing.

“That’s sweet.”

Mary snorts. “Is it?”

“Sure. You were all…” and when she trails off Mary looks back at her, eyebrow raised. Lily just shrugs. “I don’t know. You were just…”

“I was what?”

Lily is looking a little helpless here, probably because she can’t understand the defensiveness in Mary’s tone. To be fair, Mary can’t really understand it either. “Nice? I guess? You were nice.”

Mary doesn’t know what to make of that. Part of her wants to argue, and the other part of her wants to ask if Lily really thinks she isn’t usually nice? Mary knows of course, who she is, knows that she’s sarcastic and blunt and not exactly the life of the party. But the idea that Lily, of all people, thinks she isn’t nice…

“You call her a lot?” Lily asks, when Mary’s been quiet for too long.

Mary blinks at her. “She’s my mum.” Which just makes Lily give her a stupid smile. “What?” she demands.

“Nothing! Nothing,” holding her hands up in surrender. “I just didn’t picture you as the type to call your mom a lot that’s all.”

“Well,” Mary doesn’t really have much more to say than that.

“So you guys are close?”

Mary shrugs.

“But she…you haven’t…you know, told her about this?” Lily waves her finger between them.

“No,” that sounds harsh. Mary is harsh though, that’s the problem. She doesn’t know how to soften things, usually she doesn’t want to. Waste of time. But right now…well… she clears her throat. “I’m gonna take a shower.”

Lily looks vaguely surprised. “Oh. Okay.”

And Mary doesn’t know what to do with that response so she needlessly explains. “Because I have to go to work?” which didn’t need to be a question but somehow ends up as one. 

“Right,” Lily nods.

“Right,” Mary repeats, unnecessarily. “Okay.” But somehow things still feel off so she doesn't move yet, the pair looking at each other across the room.

“Er…” Lily smiles a little uncertainly. “So are you going to shower or…?”

“Yeah,” fuck. “Yeah. See you…later, I guess?” 

“Later,” Lily repeats like she's never heard the word before, and Mary nods, leaving the room before either of them can make this anymore awkward.

 

 

Her father died when she was young.

Her brother remembers him. Mary doesn’t.

So she grew up in a house full of women. Full of aunts. And cousins. And grandmothers. The door was always open and women in beautiful clothes, smelling of beautiful perfumes, and carrying beautiful food, were always coming in. And always ending up in the kitchen. Chopping and frying and baking. Mary used to sit there and watch as they rolled out the dough for the manaeesh, or simmered shushbarak on the stove. Sit there and listen while they yelled at their soap operas on the tv or sang along to Fairuz on the radio. It was so bright, their kitchen, with all those women and their colourful veils, flitting about like butterflies. Laughing and touching and eating with one another.

It’s one of the reasons she has always liked living with Marlene and Lily. One of the reasons she didn’t mind when Dorcas more or less unofficially moved in. When they’re all home, singing in the kitchen—teasing each other over boiling pots, and sizzling skillets—it feels like family to Mary. Love has always been a taste to her more than anything else. Something warm and full of garlic. Something given to you by familiar hands. Something shared together at the table. Elbows brushing.

Mary loves her family. Loves her mother. She doesn’t think they have much in common, but she loves her anyway. Loves her too much to be honest. The first time Mary kissed a girl she was fifteen. It was a birthday party. One of her friends, Jessica B., pulled her into the washroom in the basement and kissed her.

When Mary returned home and her mother asked her about the party she didn’t mention it. She has never mentioned any of the girls she’s kissed to her mother. Her mother who smiles all the time. Who calls at least once a day. She does not tell her mother because she loves her mother. And she is fairly certain this is something her mother doesn’t want to know. So she keeps her life separated into neat, self-contained boxes. Because she would rather have nothing in common with her mother. Than not have her at all.

 

 

I can give you all the hope in the world, grandmother said to me. But without faith it’s only a mirage in a desert you’re lost in.

 

 

“Morning,” Fabian says sleepily, waiting for her by the locked doors to the Galley. Mary makes some indistinct noise, fishing the keys out of her pocket and letting them in. She flips on some of the lights as Fabian heads towards the back.

The staff room is small, with a single plastic table in the centre, two chairs, a microwave, sink. The lights above are harsh and Mary glares at them as she throws her stuff in her cubby beside her prayer mat, pulling on her apron and name tag. Fabian is quietly getting himself ready across the room. When he first started working she couldn’t get him to shut-up. Every morning it was all big smiles and singing along to the radio he insisted on playing immediately after entering the shop. But now…it’s been weeks of this. Of small and quiet. Of sad puppy dog eyes. Mary is starting to lose her patience.

They move into the front room—restocking, prepping, doing the cleaning the closers conveniently forgot to do. Once it hits 8 am Mary unlocks the doors and people start trickling in. The thing is, if Fabian was just quiet, Mary doesn’t think she would mind. Honestly, she’d probably be grateful. But he isn’t just quiet. Not really. He’s heartbroken. Which is actually a very loud and distracting thing to be.

“Okay, enough now,” she says, when Fabian makes some sort of ridiculous forlorn noise behind her. The younger boy blinks, looking at her with his big stupid eyes and his dumb baby face.

“Sorry—I—did I do something wrong?”

“It’s been weeks. It’s time to stop…” she waves her hand in his general direction, “pouting.” This does nothing to make Fabian look any less confused. Mary sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose. “You need to get over Remus,” she tries to ignore the way he flinches when she says that name. “You’re not this pathetic Fabian so stop acting like it.”

His cheeks instantly go pink, eyes dropping to the ground. “Oh,” he says.

It is possible she’s going about this the wrong way, though she has always felt that Fabian just needs a bit of a poke to get him out of his shell. To get him to start fighting back.

“Look, I know it’s shitty to have your heartbroken. I know it hurts. But spending every day coming up with a new sad poem to write in your diary isn’t helping.”

There’s a moment of silence, Fabian shuffling his feet, toying with the empty cup in his hand. Before: “Then what does?”

Mary blinks. “What helps?” Fuck me, what has she gotten herself into? “It’s not exactly a one-size-fits-all situation. You kind of have to figure that out yourself.”

“But how?” his eyes flick up and then away. “I keep waiting for it to fade, you know?” he brings his free hand up to his chest, tapping it almost absentmindedly. “H-he doesn’t want me and we’re not together, so I keep waiting for my heart to get the message but it just. It just aches,” his voice cracks. “I miss him. I know I shouldn’t, we weren’t even together that long but…he was so big. And I made so much space for him. I don’t know how to fill those spaces now.”

Oh.

Well then.

Mary eyes him warily. If he starts crying she might have to fire him. Or herself. One or the other. She really should have waited to do this until Lily was here. She’s better at the touchy-feely stuff. 

“Look, it’s not a switch,” Mary manages finally. “Your feelings aren’t just going to suddenly turn off,” though wouldn’t that be nice? “You have to decide to move on, to fake it for a bit, and then eventually, one day, you’ll wake up and realize it’s been a long time since you last thought about him. But you can’t just sit around waiting for that to happen on its own because it won’t. You’ll just start to…rot.”

Mary would know. She’s been rotting for years. Watching Lily and James, so pretty and perfect together. So soft and sweet. It was sickening. It was beautiful. In a twisted sort of way she’d wanted them to be together just as much as everyone else. She’d never seen a real life fairytale before. Sometimes it felt worth it, even if it did make her want to break her ribs one by one.

Fabian is nodding his head, but in a jerky sort of way that still means they’re in dangerous crying territory. “Okay,” he says. “Yeah, okay.” But he’s still nodding and not really looking at Mary. She ducks her head, trying to catch his eye.

“Fabian?”

“It’s just—“ oh no, oh dear, he’s definitely crying now. “It’s just that I don’t want to let him go yet. Is that stupid?” sniffling. “I know that I-I haven’t even got him. And that was my choice but—I—as long as I’m sad there’s still a piece of him I haven’t lost yet,” he brings the back of his hand up, scrubbing at his face. “I know that’s crazy.”

It takes a second, but, eventually Mary shakes her head. “It isn’t.” 

He laughs wetly. “Yeah, it is. But thank you for lying.” Mary can’t help but laugh a little too.

“Look,” she sighs. “I love Remus, I do, but you will find this again. You will find better than this. Okay?”

He gives her a skeptical look. “There’s only one Remus Lupin.”

Mary rolls her eyes. “Yeah, sure, but there are a billion other somebodies out there. And one of them is gonna make you feel this again. Actually, fuck that, a bunch of them are gonna make you feel this.”

Fabian smiles, wiping at his eyes. “Feel what? Heartbroken?”

Mary shakes her head. “Feel like you don’t want to let them go.” And when he keeps looking at her with those stupid eyes: “You don’t just get one shot Fabian. So wallow for as long as you need to, but know that the longer you do that, the longer you’re denying yourself the chance of something better.”

He nods. “Wow, you should like, write a book or something.”

“I’m sorry are you mocking me? You’re literally crying. Crying people don’t get to mock.”

That just makes Fabian laugh. “You’re right,” wiping more of the tears away. “I’m sorry.” And then, biting his lower lip. “Thank you. Really. That—just thank you.”

Mary gives him a small smile, hoping it looks genuine. Not because she doesn’t mean it, but because she knows she’s bad at showing it. “Sure,” she starts to turn back to the register, “But just so we’re clear, if you sigh one more time like some heartbroken damsel stuck in a tower I will pour hot coffee on you.”

That gets a proper laugh out of him. Finally. And Mary finds that she is slightly less irritated than usual when a few minutes later he starts talking her ear off about some meaningless interaction he had at the grocery store.

 

 

May all my pain turn into healing so the women who come after me don’t have to carry it

 

 

When Mary was little—five? six?—she decided that she wanted to rule the world. Regrettably, her first grade teacher informed her that “ruler of the world” is, in fact, not an actual career path. Though Mary wasn’t entirely convinced, she decided to settle for Prime Minister instead. And for whatever reason, that dream has stuck.

Unfortunately, that means a lot of polisci courses. Now, Mary doesn’t like to stereotype, but on the whole, she would say a good chunk of the people majoring in political science are white men. Often rich. Often loud. Often with annoying opinions they feel the need to share on a near constant basis. Whoever thought that “participation marks” were a good idea clearly never had to sit in a class with someone named Braiden. Or Hayden. Or Chad. People who absolutely do not need another incentive to raise their hand and go on some boring diatribe about a lukewarm take everyone has already heard before.

The other problem with polisci classes, is that Mary’s very existence seems to provide ammunition for discussions that no one, including the profs, are able to resist.

“Okay, so as you have all gathered from the readings I’m sure you did,” the professor looks out at the class exaggeratedly, a ripple of chuckles rumbling through the lecture hall. “Today’s topic is the secularism law, commonly known as Bill 21.”

There’s a powerpoint. Of course. The professor flicks through slides that describe how this bill was organized, campaigned for, and eventually passed. It’s a bill that prevents public school teachers, police officers, judges, and government lawyers, along with other civil servants in positions of authority, from wearing religious symbols at work.

“Can anyone give me an example of a religious symbol banned by the bill?” the prof asks, looking out at the classroom. There’s a pause, no one moving “Oh come on, at least one of you must have read the articles?” Mary did read the articles, however, her arms remain firmly crossed over her chest.  “Lets go people,” the prof continues. “Wake up. Ah—yes—you,” she points to a girl sitting in the middle of the classroom.

“Turbans,” she says.

“Correct! Anyone else? Another example? Yup,” a different student.

“Crucifixes.”

“Mhm, any others? Yeah!”

“Hijabs.”

Mary feels more than a few people’s eyes dart towards her. She does not, however, give them a reaction. She knew what this class was going to be like. She considered skipping but then, that’s never really been her style. The professor goes on to explain how studies have shown that while several religious communities have been greatly impacted by the bill, the effects have been felt most acutely by Muslim women.

More staring ensues.

Excellent. 

The professor then decides to read out a statement made by one of the researchers: “We saw severe social stigmatization of Muslim women,” the quote begins. “And very disturbing declines in their sense of well-being, their ability to fulfil their aspirations, sense of safety, but also hope for the future.”

Well.

That’s certainly depressing.

“So I suppose it’s worth asking,” the prof goes on, Mary already internally cringing at the discussion that is inevitably coming. “Is secularization more harmful than helpful?”

The hand that raises is, shockingly, not attached to a Braiden. Or a Hayden. Or a Chad. But an Ashley. This does not, surprisingly, make Mary feel any better. Ashley has blond hair, expensive looking clothes, and gives off the air of someone who likes horses just a little too much.

“I think, in the long run, it’s going to be for the best,” she says confidently. “It makes everyone equal, you know? Makes us all the same, gives us all the same chances.”

The professor arches her brow. “But if that’s the case, what about the quote I just read? What about the statistics that show it is negatively impacting one group more than the others? Specifically one group of women.”

“But that’s a group of women who are already being oppressed,” Ashley says, conviction unshaken. “In their homes, by their families, their husbands. Who is to say that isn’t what’s causing a decline in their well-being? I think forcing women to dress a certain way, to be modest, to be obedient, goes against our culture.” Mary almost snorts. She always finds it interesting how those words slip in there. The “ours” and “thems”, the unconscious drawing of lines between the people who look like me and the people who don’t.  “I don’t think we’re doing those women any favours by acting like that’s okay. So hopefully things like this bill will help to eradicate that kind of thinking. To make this society a safer place for all women.”

Mary can see it coming a mile a way. She is, regrettably, the only visibly none-christian person in the room, the only one wearing an obvious religious article, so she isn’t surprised when her professor’s eyes scan the room. Landing on her.

“Does anyone have a different point of view to offer?”

It’s work not to roll her eyes. She supposes she should be grateful she’s being given a choice here. Not just called out by name. Somewhat redundantly, Mary raises her hand.

“I just want you to clarify,” she says dryly, after the prof acknowledges her with a nod. “The thing we stand for,” she can’t help emphasizing the word. “Is not forcing women to do things, right?”

Mary can already see the slight unease on Ashley’s face. Clearly she did not realize that one of these poor, oppressed, hijabi women was sitting in this room. Awkward.

“Yes,” Ashley says finally. “I think women should be able to wear what they want.”

“What you want,” Mary clarifies. And then: “Or what the government wants, I guess. Though the two of you seem to be in agreement so, that’s nice for you.” Her smile is pointy. 

The girl blinks back at her. “Sorry?”

“Well, you think that I’m being forced to dress and act a certain way, so your solution is to force me to dress and act another way, right? A way that makes you feel more comfortable.”

“No—I mean—not force,” she says, like Mary is being purposefully obtuse. “Just, have the option to choose.”

“Mm,” Mary hums sympathetically. “Sorry, my bad. It’s just that, making it a law feels a little forced to me.”

“Okay, I guess, yeah. But I just think, I mean, I’m not trying to be offensive,” Of course not. “But I think there is some merit to banning things that go against our core values as a society. Things that can potentially hurt people.”

“Sure,” Mary says. “I’m still not clear what those core values are though? Because it’s not freedom, or choice, as we’ve just established. Since you’re happy to take those things away from the people you feel aren’t using them correctly.”

“That’s not what I said,” clearly getting frustrated. 

“I’m sorry. What did you say?”

“I said,” she sighs, hand running through her long blond hair. Her friends have now started glaring at Mary. “I said I believe in equality and I think this bill is a good step towards having a more equal society.”

Mary just stares at her. “Right,” flatly. “Except that, as per the articles we read for class, it’s clear that is not what this bill is doing. There’s data. It’s shown.”

“I don’t think that the responses from one survey are enough to write the whole bill off or even to prove that that’s what’s causing these women to feel this way. We need more information, and to give the bill more time. It might actually help them.”

Once again, Mary stares at her. Then, after a few seconds, she leans forward, lacing her hands together on top of her desk. “Do you want to know what I think?”

“Sure,” though Ashley does not at all sound like she means that.

“I think, personally, that it is a methodological mistake to base your argument on generalizations about what a diverse group of people who come from wildly different contexts may or may not want or need without having ever talked with any of them. I think that you’re picking and choosing what you want to see as sexist. For example, you’ve decided that it’s sexist to force women to wear a veil, but freeing to force them not to wear one. You have decided that the oppression that I face must stem entirely from my faith, my family, my culture, because I don’t make the same choices you do, and since your choices are obviously the most empowering mine must be the opposite,” Mary takes a breath, her voice steady, calm. “I don’t think this bill is about equality, I don’t even think it’s really about secularization. I think it was designed to target specific people and it has succeeded in doing so. And if you don’t see a problem with that then I think you may have to ask yourself whether or not you actually care about muslim women at all.”

The classroom is quiet for a moment. Actually, Mary thinks she hears someone in the back whistle. Like a cartoon character.

“Well,” the professor says finally, looking unnecessarily pleased, though Mary supposes she got the student engagement she was looking for. “Anyone else have anything to say?”

 

 

Mourn the many selves you have not become. Mourn so you can make space for the self you have always been.

 

 

Mary doesn’t have anymore classes today. She can go home. Should go home. But instead she is sitting on the ground behind the library, back to the wall, trying to wait out the frustration still prickling under her skin. She feels a whole host of unpleasant emotions swirling around in her stomach that she would really like to be done with now. It’s over. The class has ended. She just needs to let it go.

She needs to let go of all the things she didn’t say. And all the things she did. She would like to feel, for once, like she was able to get it all out the right way. All the things she thinks. The good and the bad. The days when her veil feels like the right decision. The days when it feels like the wrong one. But she doesn’t think she’s allowed that complexity. Doesn’t think she’s allowed to be unsure or critical. Because they won’t really listen. They’ll just hear what they want to.

Not that they don’t do that anyway.

Them.

We.

Ours.

“Well look who it is.”

Mary opens her eyes, looking up to find the towering figure of Sirius black leaning against the wall beside her, hair down to his shoulders, wearing a leather jacket and a pair of dark sunglasses.

“Hiding?” he asks, sitting down next to her. Which is surprising, since the ground is damp and cold and not at all comfortable at the moment.

“No,” Mary says stubbornly. Even though maybe she is. She can’t really tell. After a few seconds she tilts her head back against the wall behind her, looking up at the overcast sky.

Sirius laughs. “Uh-huh, just here for the scenery then?” Gesturing to the parking lot in front of them. Mary doesn’t bother answering and after a decent stretch of silence Sirius wags a cigarette at her.  “You mind?” he asks. She shakes her head, watching him light it between his lips and inhale. He moans. “Fuck, that feels good.”

Mary arches her brow. “You trying to cut back?”

“Hell no,” Sirius exhales, smoke disappearing in the air in front of him. “James is being a dick about it though. Now that we’re getting close to the championships he’s on a whole health kick.” Sirius shudders, like it’s the worst thing he can imagine.

“It’s like he’s an athlete or something,” Mary says dryly. 

“Har, har, har.”

The silence returns, it’s something the pair of them have always been surprisingly good at. Mary doesn’t actually think her and Sirius have that much in common but for some reason they can read one another so well. There’s never any awkwardness. Any uncertainty. They can go weeks without talking and one look at his face will tell her everything she needs to know.

“So,” Sirius says eventually.

Mary rolls her head towards him, waiting for him to continue because she has no intention of helping him out.

“You know, your turn,” he gestures with his cigarette. “I told you why I’m back here freezing my ass off. What’s up with you?”

Mary goes back to looking at the bleak February sky. “Told you. No reason.”

“Oh come on,” Sirius gives her a nudge with his elbow. “Tell me.”

“You just want gossip.”

Sirius’s grin is razor sharp. “Of course.”

“Sorry to disappoint, but it’s not that interesting.”

“Tell me anyway.”

Mary pauses, flipping through her thoughts like records in a milk carton, trying to pick out the one she actually wants to listen to. “I had a…discussion in class.”

“Oh yeah?” it’s to his credit that he doesn’t sound bored, dark eyes watching her intently, waiting for her to continue. “What about, exactly?”

She almost smirks. “Me.”

There’s a beat, she wonders if she’ll have to explain but then: “You need me to beat someone up?”

Stupid.

Sweet. But stupid.

She’s gives him a flat look. “I can fight my own battles.”

“Mary.”

“Sirius.”

“Did someone say some racist shit?” he goes on when she doesn’t. “Because I swear to god I’ll fuck them up.”

“That’ll get you kicked off the team,” she says flatly.

“Worth it.”

“James won’t be happy.”

“He’ll live.”

Mary rolls her eyes. “Relax Prince Charming, it wasn’t like that. It wasn’t anything really, just…” she trails off, she doesn’t even know what it was, “exhausting,” she decides on finally. When Sirius doesn’t say anything to that she sighs. “The thing is—“ she doesn’t know how to say this. “The thing I actually can’t stand. Is being put in a box.”

Sirius arches his brow. “A box?”

“Yes. It’s like there’s a good box and a bad box and you have to choose where to put everything and I just don’t think any of it works like that. I don’t think anything is all good or all bad. It’s like—there’s parts of Islam I agree with, and parts I don’t. And I feel like everyone else gets to have that, you know? Like if you wear a cross around your neck no one assumes you agree with every word of the bible, or the fucking crusades, but me?” she shakes her head, looking angrily at the ground. “There’s shitty people in every church, shitty people praying to every god, in every country, wearing every kind of clothing. But I feel like I’m not allowed to say that. Because the bad is all they see. So I have to put it all in the good box or I’m just proving them right.”

“Them?”

“Yes. Them.” We. Ours. “The Braidens, and Haydens, and Chads, and Ashleys.”

“Ah.”

“And it just makes me want to punch someone sometimes.”

Sirius doesn’t speak right away, taking a slow drag from his cigarette while Mary catches her breath. She’s not usually this chatty, and she can feel her capacity for dealing with other people quickly dwindling.

“I get that,” Sirius says finally.

Mary huffs. “Do you?”

He nods, wrist resting on his knee, smoke between his fingers. “Sure. Or, well, I don’t get it but I agree. My mother’s a real cunt and she’s Catholic so,” he looks at her. “Shitty people in every church, right?”

Mary likes him so much she almost smiles. “Right.” Another pause, before; “My mom’s kind of amazing.”

“Yeah?” Sirius asks.

She nods, not quite looking at him.  “She’s just…really good at the mom thing, you know?”

“That’s cool.”

“Yeah.” Memories of birthday parties, of family gatherings, of Ramadan nights. Everyone staying up long after the sun. Breaking their fast. You could taste the love in those meals she’d swear it. 

“D’you think she’d mind, that you, y’know, don’t wanna put it all in the good box?”

Mary thinks about it, even though, in the end, she doesn’t really need to. “No,” laughing a little and kicking at the ground. “She was actually surprised when I told her I wanted to wear a hijab.”

“Oh yeah?” Sirius smiles at her.

“I’ve never been very good at following rules I guess. And, well, I didn’t start wearing it until I was seventeen.”

“No shit,” Sirius tilts his head to the side, looking her over, cigarette between his lips. “Weird, I can’t picture you without it.”

Mary’s hand goes subconsciously to the hem of her veil, rubbing it between her fingers. “She wanted it to be my choice. And it was. It is.”

It’s cold, too cold for them to be sitting outside on the ground, but neither of them try to move. The snow has definitely soaked through Mary’s pants at this point, the sun fading fast from the sky even though it’s not even five yet.

“Can I ask you—uh—a personal question?” Sirius says, eventually.

Mary snorts. “What’re you, a gentleman all of a sudden?”

“Hey!” Sirius shouts, jabbing his cigarette at her indignantly. “I have always been a gentleman thank you very much.”

Mary rolls her eyes. “What’s your question Black?”

“Why’d you decide to wear it?” he nods towards her.

She gets asked that question a lot. By strangers. Classmates. Herself. It is a strange experience, to have to explain yourself to other people so explicitly. To be the subject of political debate. Of small talk. To divide a room just my stepping into it.

“My mother wears one,” Mary says finally. “And my aunts, my grandmothers, my older cousins,” she wishes she could take him to her house, wishes she could sit him in her kitchen, let him see them. “It makes me feel like I have a piece of them with me, always, a piece of their laughter, of their food, of their prayers. It feels like loving them in a way,” the delicate fabric still running through her fingers. “And it reminds me to be thoughtful, to think before I speak, to think about the person I want to be. The person I know I can be. Because of all the people I’m connected to,” she pauses, and then: “And it makes people uncomfortable. Which, yeah, part of me likes that too. Part of me likes that it’s a statement, that people know that I’m not ashamed of where I come from. Or that it looks different from where I am. I like that it makes it harder for those boxes to hold me. You know, the British, the French, when they started colonizing they tried to make women stop wearing their hijabs? It feels like, a bit of a fuck you. I won’t disappear. I won’t fade away. When you look at me you’ll see a Muslim woman. A lineage of Muslim women,” she shrugs. “I like that. It makes me feel…powerful.”

Sirius takes one last drag of his cigarette, nearly shrunk to the filter, before he tosses it on the ground, crushing it beneath his shoe. “Wow Macdonald,” he looks over at her, smile in his mouth, mischief in his eyes. “That’s very rock ’n’ roll.”

She can’t help the laugh that tumbles out of her. “And don’t you forget it.”

 

 

Everybody needs somebody. Behind the moon there is a sun.

 

 

It’s early evening when she gets home, the sun outside already set, the sky a deep blue. The apartment is mostly dark, Marlene and Dorcas clearly not home, a warm orange-yellow glow slipping beneath the door of Lily’s room, the low hum of music tapping on the walls. Mary stands outside, having a staring contest with the doorknob. Part of her is too tired, the day has warn her out, she needs to recharge and she’s never been the type to do that with other people. Preferring to disappear into her cave. Quiet, dark, alone. No one is stopping her from doing that now.

Except.

“Come in!” Lily sings when Mary finally knocks, pushing her way inside. Lily’s room is wrapped in fairy lights, everything soft and warm. Including Lily, whose hair is piled messily on top of her head, oversized t-shit and sweatpants on, surrounded by blankets. She looks up from her laptop when Mary closes the door and smiles.

“Hey you.”

Mary doesn’t say anything, walking over and crawling under the blankets, head basically in Lily’s lap. Lily’s arm seems to come around her automatically, a quiet laugh escaping her. The noise runs along the top of Mary’s skin like fingertips.

“You okay?”

Mary suppresses a yawn. Fuck it’s only seven, what is she, ninety? “Long day,” she finally mutters.

Lily hums, bending down to press a kiss to the top of her head before she goes on typing on her laptop. Mary closes her eyes for a bit, not sleeping so much as drifting. Floating. She isn’t sure how much time has passed when she finds herself opening her mouth, not entirely certain what’s going to come out of it;

“Sorry for being a dick this morning.”

The tapping pauses. “Well, you’re always a dick so, I’m kinda used to it.”

Mary snorts, but Lily doesn’t start typing again. The stillness goes on long enough that Mary opens her eyes, looking up at Lily who has her lip caught between her teeth, worrying it the way she does when she’s trying to figure out whether or not to say something.

Mary decides to wait her out. Though, eventually, her eyes drift closed again.

“I’ve never asked you about your family,” Lily says finally. Mary isn’t sure what to say to that so she doesn’t say anything, and eventually Lily goes on. “I just kind of assumed, I mean, because you’re you.”

“I’m me?” Mary mumbles.

“Yeah,” Lily lets out one of those little laughs again, and then, like she can’t help it, kisses Mary’s temple. “You’re…upfront. Fearless.”

“Fearless? Really, Evans?”

“Well you are!” Lily gives her a squish. “Bravest person I know.”

Mary doesn’t dignify that with an answer, at least not a real one, just making a vague sort of noise. And after a moment Lily speaks again:

“But they don’t know?”

The ‘that you like girls’ goes unsaid.

Mary doesn’t know that she particularly wants to have this conversation right now, but she also doesn’t want to move. So.

“No,” she forces herself to say, finally. “They don’t know.”

Lily hums, hand making comforting circles along Mary’s back. “Would it be a problem? Is it…like…not allowed or…?”

Mary snorts, even though it’s not really funny. “Not allowed,” mockingly.

“Well!”

Mary laughs again, burrowing into Lily a little more. She doesn’t answer right away. Doesn’t know exactly how to answer. There are layers to the reasons that her mother might reject her. A spiderweb of expectations she is failing to meet.

“I guess it depends,” Mary finally says. “I mean religion is always a bit—well, you get what you want to out of it. If you want to find homophobia in the Qur’an you’ll find it.”

Lily seems to consider this. “But you can read it differently?”

Mary shrugs. “Yeah, I think most people believe that there are different ways to interpret it, and that you should choose the interpretation that achieves the greatest good. Which is subjective but, well, Islam is supposed to be about peace and justice so, if you keep that in mind, hating the gays doesn’t exactly make sense.”

A laugh pops out of Lily. “God.”

“Allah, actually.”

That gets her going again, pinching Mary’s side as Mary presses her smile into Lily’s shirt.

“So there’s a chance then,” Lily says, once they grow quiet again. “That your mum will be okay with it?”

Mary sighs. “Yeah, there’s a chance. I mean, she also grew up in Lebanon where it’s not exactly legal.”

“Oh.”

“But to be fair, I don’t think they’re quite as harsh about it as they could be so. Who knows.” Which is where she always ends up. There are a million reasons it could go poorly. But always hope that maybe it won’t.

They lapse back into silence, and eventually Lily starts typing again. Mary listening to her until eventually Lily bullies her into brushing her teeth and getting her pyjamas on. Mary considers going back to her own room but Lily doesn’t give her much of a choice, taking her hand and pulling her under the blankets. Mary’s head is resting on her chest. They’re nearly asleep before she speaks:

“Lily?”

“Mhm?”

“My family stuff…” she trails off, wrinkling her nose. Never a fan of emotional declarations. “I just want you to know, that it doesn’t change how I feel about…this. How serious I am about it. Okay?”

There’s a moment of stillness, and Mary wonders if maybe Lily has fallen asleep, but then she feels a kiss being pressed to her forehead.

“I know,” another kiss. “I’m serious about you too.”

Something in Mary’s chest squeezes and she lets out a deep breath.  “Thank you.”

 

 

The closer I got to the moon, I saw its many scars. And I knew it would understand me.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    Hopefully more soon!

    We are nearing the end people!

    I think the next few chapters are gonna be pretty jegulus / rosekiller centric (but you never know, sometimes things change!)

    ANYWAY i hope you liked the chapter and are having a great day byeeeeeeeeee :)

Chapter 24
Summary:

    you are the story

Notes:

    tw discussions of ED
    tw hospital / blood / vomit
    tw fainting

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

He thinks he was eight, when it started. His therapist, in one of their many sessions, which accomplished nothing as far as Regulus can tell, asked him about the first time he remembers thinking about food. And he’s pretty sure he was eight. He has this memory that he isn't confident is real, of sitting in the gymnasium at lunch, staring at his sandwich and thinking I can’t eat this. Spiders climbing up the insides of his skin. I can’t eat this. I can’t eat this. I don’t deserve it. I hate myself.

He didn’t admit that last bit to the therapist, so maybe the reason those sessions didn’t accomplish anything is him. Therapy, he suspects, requires a certain amount of honesty to work, and Regulus has never been very good at honesty. He lies without meaning to, they just come out of him. A defence mechanism, he imagines, born from years of tiptoeing around his mother.

I hate myself.

is something Regulus thinks a lot. Sometimes he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it. He’ll zone out—walking to class, folding his clothes, cleaning his room—and suddenly it’ll hit him, that he’s just been listening to the same thought running on a loop through his head over and over again.

I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.

It’s not exactly original is it? Not very eloquent. It’s almost childish.

I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.

If you were to ask Regulus why he doesn’t eat much. Or sleep much. Or talk much. He could give you a dozen different answers. I’m busy. It slows me down. It doesn’t feel right. But at the end of the day, the root of the problem is always the same.

I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.    

 

 

He’s stopped going to classes. He tells himself it’s because it’s a waste of time, it makes more sense to work on the actual assignments than to sit in a room watching a powerpoint he can easily access on his own. He’s just being efficient. He tries not to dwell on the fact that the idea of stepping into a lecture hall full of people has started to make claws drag across his skin. The idea of being seen, of being called on, making a sick, heavy feeling grow in the pit of his stomach.

He’s stopped going to work as well. Too embarrassed, after being found on the floor by Severus. Too shaky, to bear facing Lucius. Or Nicolai. He just wants to hide. Just wants to shrink. His life wasn’t that big to begin with but as the weeks of the semester drag on he makes it smaller and smaller. Goes out of his way to avoid people. He doesn’t sleep much, spends most of his time at the library. He’s there when it opens. There when it closes. People ignore him, they’re quiet, they keep to themselves. Regulus likes that. He can handle that. He spends all his time working on his school assignments but he’s not certain he actually manages to get anything done. His mind is fuzzy. It jumps all over the place, unable to focus properly on one thing.

Sirius texts him but he ignores it. His mother calls but he ignores that too. He tries not to cut James off completely but he knows he isn’t doing a good job. Giving him short, one word answers. Avoiding his requests for Regulus to come over. He reads books but absorbs nothing. Writes pages and pages of essays he knows aren’t any good. He just needs to get to the end of the semester and then—and then—

Well.

He doesn’t know what’ll happen exactly. Something good maybe? Something better than this. 

 

 

The people who know where to find him drift in and out of the seat across from him. It is work for him not to apologize to them. I’m sorry you have to put up with this. I’m sorry I’m never able to be there when you need me. I’m sorry I need you so much more. I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself. 

“—and so of course Xeno made about three dozen of them,” Cerci snorts, beside him.

Regulus blinks, trying to focus on the conversation. “Three dozen what?”

“Apple and artichoke cookies!”

Reg squints. “And artichoke?” His stomach lurches at the thought.

Cerci smiles. “Yup, they were like…scaly almost? Like little dragon turds!” She laughs, and Regulus manages a wane smile.

“Did Evan eat one just to be polite?” he can’t remember if she mentioned Evan being there, but since he’s over at Cerci’s more often than not these days, he assumes it’s a safe bet. 

Her smile grows bigger. “He ate two.”

Regulus pulls a disgusted face, making Cerci laugh again. He’s only met Cerci’s roommate once or twice, but each time he’s found Xeno to be far too much. He’s not even sure what they’re too much of. Just. Everything. Their clothes too loud, their voice too cheery, always saying things that make no sense to Regulus. And whatever Xeno is doing in the kitchen is nothing that Regulus wants any part of.

“Evan is too nice,” Regulus says finally.

But Cerci is still smiling. “I don’t think so,” the braids on either side of her head swinging when she shakes it. “I think he’s perfect.”

Regulus makes a gagging noise and Cerci kicks him under the table. “Don’t be a dick,” she hisses, though she doesn’t really sound upset.

“Don’t be disgusting then.”

So, of course, she sticks her tongue out at him.

 

 

At some point Cerci leaves. Regulus doesn’t really know when. The table he’s at isn’t near any windows and he keeps forgetting to check the time. It passes. That he’s fairly certain of. Though it's not just the lack of natural sunlight that's made time hard to keep track of recently. Regulus has also started falling asleep periodically, waking up with his face smushed into his keyboard. It’ll happen so fast he won’t even notice. And it makes everything…blurry.

“You promised.” His brother is standing next to him. He’s dressed in his hockey gear, helmet in his hand, stern look on his face. “You promised you would tell me if you needed help.”

Regulus just blinks at him. “What are you doing here?”

“You promised Reg.”

He swallows, his throat tight. “I know,” he croaks. And then: “I don’t need help.”

“Liar.”

“I don’t, I just—I just need time. That’s all. I’ll figure this out. I’m figuring it out.”

“You’ve had time.”

“I just need a little more.”

“It’s getting like it was last time.”

And suddenly Regulus’s fear is replaced with something more biting. “How would you know what it was like last time? You weren’t even there.”

Sirius’s face twists, and then—and then he’s screaming.

Regulus’s heart jumps in his chest, Sirius’s hands clutching his head as he starts sinking to his knees.

“Sirius?”

He’s on his back. He’s on the ice. He’s in the library.

“Sirius?”

There’s blood around his head. He went down and he didn’t get up. Not for a while. For too long. He hit his head.

“Sirius!”

But that was months ago. That was—that was—he’s on the ice. He’s in the library. They’re skating around the rink back home.

“Regulus, I’m fine, okay? Totally one-hundred-percent fine. I swear. I’m not made of glass.”

“I know. You were always the strong one.”

“SIRIUS!”

Regulus jolts upright, knocking the textbook he’d fallen asleep on onto the floor. His chest is heaving, skin hot as he tries to steady his pulse. Looking around wildly. But Sirius isn’t there, of course. And the floor is made of aged linoleum not ice. He scrubs at his face. It was just a dream. It was just a nightmare.

This is why he doesn’t sleep.

 

 

“I know it’s bad luck and everything,” Evan is saying, several hours later. Or maybe it’s the next day? Regulus isn’t actually sure. What he is sure of, is that Evan never studies when he comes to the library. He brings books, but never looks at them. How he isn’t failing Regulus has no idea. “But I think James and Sirius are starting to get to me because I really think we could win this thing.”

Regulus glances up at him and then away. “You’ve been playing well.”

Evan nods. “Yeah, the team has really—“

“Not the team,” Regulus interrupts. “You. You’ve been playing well. You’re the reason Godric is going to beat Salazar.”

Evan is quiet long enough that Regulus looks up at him again, finding a ridiculously mushy expression on his face. Regulus rolls his eyes. “That wasn’t a compliment.”

Evan laughs. “Of course not.”

“It wasn’t,” Regulus insists. “It was just a fact.”

“Sure. I still appreciate it dude.”

“Dude.”

Evan’s grin grows. “Wow, that’s kind of like our thing, huh?”

Someone walks by their table, shooting them an irritated look as they go. Probably because Evan has never heard of an inside voice. He says everything like he’s yelling it across a hockey rink. Regulus has tried to train him to whisper but it’s no use. No amount of positive reinforcement seems able to dim him.

“What’s our thing?” Regulus grumbles, bending a little further over his work. He’s not sure why people looking at him is making his skin crawl lately but it is.

“Dude.”

Regulus stares at Evan in a manner that he hopes communicates how ridiculous he thinks that is. “Dude is not our thing. I don’t even know what having a “thing” means.”

“Then how do you know our thing isn’t dude?” Evan is enjoying this far too much. He always does. He likes to tease Regulus and Regulus lets him because he likes making Evan smile, even if it isn’t always on purpose.

Regulus just shakes his head. “You’re being ridiculous.”

“Whatever dude.”

Regulus groans, Evan laughing loud enough that Regulus expects the whole campus hears him. Several angry “shushes” sent their way.

 

 

“You need to come home,” his mother’s nails dig into his shoulder. For a second he’s back standing on the lawn the day he left for school. Her mouth close to his ear: don’t let me down. A shiver runs through him, the fluorescent lights flickering over his head. He’s back in the library, his mother still standing behind him.

“I never should have let you leave, this whole thing was ridiculous from the start.”

Regulus grits his teeth. Hands curled into fists on the table top. “I don’t want to come home.”

She scoffs. “Well, I think it’s clear that acting according to what you want is hardly the most prudent course of action.”

“I’ll get my grades up.”

A cold laugh. “Will you? When? How?”

“I’ve asked for extensions. I’m working—“

“Enough Regulus,” another squeeze of his shoulder. “Your excuses are pointless and boring. You’re coming home.”

“No.”

“You aren’t ready to be on your own. And I was a fool to think that Sirius would bother to look after you. He’s never been very good at thinking about anyone but himself.”

“I don’t need to be looked after.”

“Clearly you do.”

“I—“

“Answer the phone Regulus.”

He blinks, confused by the sudden change in topic. “What?”

“Answer the phone.”

Which is when he hears the ringing.

His eyes blink open to find his mother’s name flashing on the screen of his phone. He pulls his head off the table and watches it. He doesn’t pick it up. He knows what she’s going to say.

 

 

He doesn’t think Severus comes looking for him, but for all their differences, they have similar habits. So he isn’t entirely shocked to see him one day, an old book in his hands and an irritated look on his face. Regulus is slightly more surprised when Severus stops in front of him. He considers ignoring him, but, well, since the last time Regulus saw Severus he was peeling him off the bathroom floor, he supposes he deserves better than that.

“Hi?” Regulus says finally, when Severus remains silent.

The other boy’s face doesn’t soften. “You’ve stopped coming to work.”

Regulus grimaces. He doesn’t really feel like having this conversation, doesn’t really know how to have it. “I’m sick.”

Severus looks him up and down. “Clearly.”

Regulus’s eyes dart around them, the last thing he needs is for Evan or Cerci to show up right now. He’s managed to keep the information that he’s giving-up on his internship a secret from them so far. He’s been able to keep most things a secret from them, honestly. He’s never sure if the lying is a symptom or a disease itself. But once you start it’s hard to stop. Once you start it’s hard not to feel like you have to keep everything hidden. It’s addictive in a way. Like maybe it’s possible, to make people see you exactly how you want them to.

“You know people would kill for that job,” Severus goes on. “And you’re just, what? Throwing it away?”

Regulus is looking down, staring at the page in front of him. Unable to meet Severus’s stare. Unable to read the words on the page.

“I never should have been there.”

“No.”

“Maybe they’ll give it to someone who deserves it.”

Severus scoffs. “It’s the end of the semester. It’s not going to anyone. You took it. That’s someone’s chance gone now. Wasted.”

Regulus just keeps staring at his book, knee bouncing up and down. “I’m sorry,” he manages finally. It’s not an easy word to say. Not for him. Not to Snape of all people. He keeps waiting for the older boy to walk away but he doesn’t. Casting a shadow across Regulus’s table.

“Why?” he asks finally. And Regulus can’t help it, he looks up.

“Why?”

Severus waves his hand impatiently. “Yes, why now? Why can’t you do it now? You’ve put up with Nicolai’s bullshit all year,” and then, almost begrudgingly. “You’ve put up with my bullshit. Why can’t you do it now? Why not finish?”

Regulus doesn’t know how to answer, nor does he appreciate the pressure building behind his ribs. Or his eyes. The scratchiness in his throat. Why? Because he feels as though this year has slowly been peeling the layers of his skin off and he’s gotten so close to the bone now that everything hurts. Everything takes too much. Makes him feel too much. He can’t defend against it. His shields are gone. There’s is nothing left to stop the world from getting in.

“I just…” his voice breaks, embarrassing. “I can’t.”

He expects Severus to flay him for that. Expects him to scoff in that haughty, patronizing way he does and walk away. But he doesn’t. His dark eyes narrow, head tilting to the side. And then he says something that Regulus was not at all expecting:

“What happened with Lucius?”

Regulus feels like he might be sick. “What?“ his voice isn’t very brave at the moment, barely making it out of his mouth as his nails scratch at the surface of the table. Eyes darting around again. He doesn’t know who he thinks is listening. Who he thinks would care. But he can’t get rid of this feeling of being seen.

“He couldn’t stop singing your praises those first few weeks, and then, one day…” Severus snaps his fingers, making Regulus flinch. “I could never figure it out, what made him switch so quickly on you. You did the work. I saw you. And despite your lack of experience, you were good at it. For the most part, anyway.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to say. What to do.

“You said something happened,” Severus pushes. “That day in the office when I asked you. You wouldn’t go into specifics but you said something happened.”

Regulus feels helpless.

“Did you tell anyone? HR or?”

Finally, Regulus manages to work some moisture back into his mouth, enough to speak. Hands still fidgeting. Leg still bouncing. He is too raw for this. He’s been skinned. “No.”

Severus keeps looking at him. Seeing too much. Everyone always sees too much. He wishes they would cover their eyes. He’s such an ugly pathetic thing. I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.

“Why?”

It almost makes him laugh. “Because,” he manages, shaking his head, looking down. “Who would have believed me? Who would have cared?”

There’s silence, the distant sound of footsteps down one of the aisles. A door opening. A chair being pushed back from a desk. Again, he waits for Severus to walk away and again he doesn’t.

“What happened Regulus?”

Still shaking his head. “Nothing.” Because it’s the truth. Severus is looking for a way to explain Regulus’s unravelling but there isn’t one. He simply isn’t stitched together very well.

“I’ll believe you.”

Which is the second time today Severus has said something that’s shocked Regulus. He delivers the line flatly. With the same vague irritation he seems to say everything. But when Regulus looks into his eyes he thinks he might actually mean it.

“I’ll believe you,” the other boy repeats, like he’s worried that maybe Regulus didn’t hear him the first time.

Regulus opens his mouth and then closes it. Not sure what to say. Nails scratching, scratching, scratching. He wasn’t prepared for this conversation. He thought he was done thinking about Lucius. It hadn’t been important. He knows that. It didn’t even effect him that much. He’s pretty sure. He thinks.

“It doesn’t matter Severus.”

“Tell me anyway.”

“I—“ can’t, can’t, can’t. Regulus scrubs at his face. It’s hard to sit still, everything in him pulling apart. God, he’s fucked. He’s so fucked. “It was just—he just—he touched me a lot, those first few weeks. Texted me. He—“ Regulus grimaces. It sounds so stupid. So childish. He should have been able to deal with it. He should have been a grown-up about it. Why couldn’t he seem to get anything right? “One day he started massaging my shoulders and James walked in. He made it a whole thing. It wasn’t really. It wasn’t anything really.”

Silence. Regulus isn’t looking at him. He’s trying to breathe. His lungs seem to have shrunk in size over the last few minutes. His cheeks are hot, flushed with embarrassment. With guilt.

“Potter punch him?” Severus asks finally.

Regulus lets out a startled laugh. “No,” he says. “But he did choke him a bit.”

Severus nods, eyes intense. “Good.”

 

 

Regulus isn’t entirely sure what day it is. He has some vague idea that it might be a Wednesday? Or Thursday? Some middling day that doesn’t really matter. He gets to the library before Evan even wakes up, the sky outside dark. He’s standing in the cold, bouncing back and forth between his feet, trying to keep warm, when they unlock the doors. No one else is there yet. And the calm that brings him is a welcomed relief.

He climbs to the top floor, maneuvering his way to a table pushed back into a dark corner. Barely visible. He just needs to hand in one assignment. He just needs to pass. He just needs to survive this semester and then, and then, and then. And then. and then. andthenandthenandthenandthen

 

and then

 

            and then

 

and then

             

              and then

                                  

                                                                   

a      d         

   n

 

                                  h

                                                 n

                                t          e

 

   

    n

 

a         d     

 

                                                                  e

                                                       t

                                                            h           n

 

                                                                                                

                              a         d

                                   n

 

t

  e

          n       

        h    

.      

 

 

Eventually things have to get better, right? Isn’t that what everyone is always saying?

 

 

His exams are coming up soon. He doesn’t go to class but he can read a syllabus. He doesn’t know how he’s going to manage that. How he’ll be able to force himself to walk into a crowded gymnasium filled with hundreds of students. Mostly he tries not to think about it at all. He could probably email his professors, ask for accommodations, ask for help. But the thought makes his skin crawl almost as much as the thought of the exams themselves. The shame burning holes deep in his stomach. So instead he just keeps his head down and tries to make some sense of the word doc in front of him.

 

 

“Hi.”

Regulus feels his whole body go stiff. His hand hovering over the spacebar on his laptop. He doesn’t lift his eyes, listening instead as the chair next to him is pulled out. Watching out of the corner of his eye as the figure beside him settles into his seat.

“So,” James says, when Regulus continues to act like he’s been turned to stone. “You’ve been avoiding me.” 

Regulus would like to argue, but his brain is too muddled to come up with a convincing lie at the moment. So he just sticks with his current strategy—playing dead. After several seconds he hears James sigh, and then, leaning closer to Regulus, he softens his voice and says: “What’s going on Reg?”

I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.

“Just. End of term. Sorry,” the words sound choked. And lazy. The worst kind of lie.

“Regulus,” James reaches out, placing a hand over Regulus’s, he flinches and the older boy pulls away. Regulus wants to apologize but he can’t. Just keeps staring at the screen of his laptop. Certain that if he looks at James he’ll crumble completely. And he can’t afford to do that right now. Still clumsily attempting to hold himself together in some semblance of a human being.

“Is this about the other day? About you passing out?”

Regulus grits his teeth. “I just—I just need to focus that’s all. I just don’t have time.” You are so lovely, he wants to say, you are so beautiful. Please don’t look at me. Please don’t pretend that I am anything you want. That I am even close to being what you deserve.

James lets him get away with that for about thirty more seconds. “I’ve been calling. Texting. Nothing.”

Regulus closes his eyes briefly. “I know.” He had been trying. At the start. He had been trying so hard. But it just…it was all too much.

“Rosy cornered me after practice today,” oh, Regulus thinks dully. “He’s worried about you. Said you haven’t been sleeping much.”

“I never sleep much,” Regulus replies before he can help it.

“Less than usual.”

“Like I said, end of term, so…” he just lets that sentence hang there.

“It’s not supposed to be like this,” and James doesn’t know, can’t know, how deeply that cuts. All of Regulus’s worst fears laid out so plainly. It’s not supposed to be like this. You’re not supposed to be like this. Normal people don’t just fall apart.

“James,” the name sounds so broken in his mouth. He sees James try to reach for him again, stopping himself before he makes contact. They sit like that for several seconds before eventually James breaks the silence again.

“Can you look at me?” it’s said softly, kindly. And Regulus is powerless but to obey. James’s face is so open, so easy to read, lined with worry, bleeding with concern. Regulus almost can’t stand it. “Hi,” James says again, weak smile pulling at his mouth. And Regulus almost laughs.

“Hi,” he says in return.

“I’ve missed you.”

A punch to the gut.

“I’ve missed you too,” Regulus manages to say. Though honestly he’s not sure how. He doesn’t regret it though, because it makes James’s smile look a little more certain.

“Lets get out of here, huh?” James nods his head over his shoulder. “Come home with me?”

Regulus sparks and flares and threatens to combust. He can’t. He shouldn’t. He’s not sure what he can handle right now, what he can deal with. This is his safe space. His routine. He’s carved out a hole for himself and it’s been working so far. He needs to say no. He can’t leave. He can’t step outside the very dark lines he has drawn around himself.

“Okay,” the word comes out of him without his permission. But once again it brings a smile to James’s face, so Regulus can’t find it in him to take it back.

With shaking hands he packs away his stuff. Sliding his laptop and notes into his bag, walking side-by-side with James out of the library. They don’t talk much, James waving to a few people he knows on their way to his car, Regulus keeping his head down.

“They won’t assume there’s anything going on between us,” James says quietly, misunderstanding the reason for Regulus’s shame. It isn’t him. It isn’t…them. It’s Regulus. He doesn’t want to be seen. Their eyes have hands. He feels their gazes like fingers running along his arms. Squeezing his chin. Digging into his shoulder. Don’t let me down.

He slides into the passenger seat of James’s car. It’s leather and smells vaguely of fake pine and gym clothes. James turns on the radio as he starts driving. Regulus is grateful, it makes him feel less guilty for not talking. He doesn’t know what he’s doing. Doesn’t know why he agreed to this. James needs to be as far away from him as possible right now. Needs to not see any of this. This has to be the end of them. It has to be. Because how could James possibly want him after this?

Regulus zones out, eyes looking out the window but not taking in the scenery. When the car eventually stops he’s jolted awake, sitting up and expecting to see the familiar sight of the Gryffindor Residence building in front of him. But as he blinks, forcing the world into focus, he sees that that isn’t where they are at all. Beside them is the diner he once accosted James in—apologizing and embarrassingly admitting to keeping tabs on his hockey stats. For a moment he just stares at the building—the large window, the tables inside—before turning to James.

“What are we doing here?”

“We’re getting dinner,” the false casualness of his tone is easy to spot. James undoes his seatbelt but doesn’t get out. Waiting for Regulus. This is a test. And Regulus is angry. And he’s scared. And he feels betrayed.

“I’m not hungry.”

“Regulus—”

“What are we doing here James? What is this?”

“It’s dinner Reg. That’s it.”

Regulus shakes his head. “Fuck you.”

“Regulus, please,” all facades done away with. “Please, I’m asking—begging. I don’t care what it is, just eat something. You look sick.”

“Fuck. You.” A sentiment that would be stronger if his voice wasn’t wobbling quite so much.

“Please.”

“What was this, some kind of-of set-up?” he sounds hysterical even to his own ears. He feels hysterical. Out of control. There are voices in his head. Under his skin. And right now they are so loud. They are telling him to run. To scream and shout and break things. They are telling him that James is the enemy and this is a war and he will not fucking lose. Not after all this time. 

James’s face is so pitiful, he really needs to learn to hide his feelings better. “Do I need a set-up to get you to eat?”

Regulus just keeps shaking his head. “Take me home. I want to go home.”

“Is there something else we could—“

“You don’t get to control me like this.” Nails digging into his shoulder. Don’t let me down.

“Regulus,” James’s voice breaks.

“You’re not my fucking mother.”

“Regulus.”

“Take me home. I want you to take me home,” he says again, voice full of splinters. He is coming apart. He is being undone. Unwound. He can’t deal with this. He’s too frayed.

James turns in his seat, facing Regulus full-on, hands held out in front of him, pleading. “I’m scared, I’m fucking scared Reg, okay? You’re scaring me. Just tell me what it is, what’s wrong? Why won’t you—is this some kind of…body image thing, or?”

Regulus brings his hands up, covering his face. There is a fear that is so great that you can’t put it into words—when the thing you have spent so much time running from finally catches up to you. The movies would have you believe that there is a sense of relief in that moment. When you finally let go, and face the thing you have to. But the movies are full of shit. It is the worst thing Regulus has ever felt in his entire life.

“James stop. Leave it. Just. Leave it.”

“I can’t,” James’s voice is a mess, Regulus thinks they might both be crying. “I can’t, I love you too much.”

Fuck.

Fuck this.

Fuck all of this.

“I’m sorry,” Regulus manages, a boy in the dark. A ship lost at sea.

“Don’t be sorry, you don’t—just have dinner with me okay?” James sniffles, trying to smile. “That’s it. That’s all.”

That’s all.

And he really wishes it was that simple. He does. Wishes he could just switch his brain off. Wishes he could just be normal about this.

“I can’t.”

“Reg—“

“I can’t,” he repeats. And he doesn’t know how to say it any clearer. It’s not I don’t want to it’s I can’t. I can’t, I can’t, I can’t. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

“Reg, no, hey,” and James reaches out, the first time since the library, pulling Regulus’s hands away from his face and clutching them between his own. “Don’t be sorry.”

But he is. God he is.

“If I could be better for you I would,” Regulus says, in a moment of pathetic weakness. James’s face crumples.

“No, shh, don’t say that,” he pulls Regulus towards him and Regulus goes, face burying itself in James’s neck, the older boy’s arms coming awkwardly around him, the gear stick still between them. “I don’t want you to be better, I don’t—I just want you to be okay.”

Regulus pushes into him as much as their current positions will allow. Breathing in the scent of him, basking in the warmth. “I don’t know how to be okay.”

James makes a wounded noise, hand rubbing up and down Regulus’s back. For a long moment they just stay like that, wrapped up in one another, sniffling, and hiccuping. Regulus’s breathing has only just started to even out when James speaks again:

“I think we need to go to the hospital, Reg.”

“No,” the sound is whiny and weak, Regulus pushing back to look at James. “No, please, James please don’t make me—you don’t know what—it’s—I can’t do that again. Please, don’t make me do that again. Fuck. I’ll get better. I promise. I promise.”

“Reg,” James says sadly, hands coming up to his face. “This—you need help.”

“No, no, no, no,” Regulus is sobbing now, hands circling James’s wrists. “It won’t help. Going there won’t help. I—James. Don’t make me. Don’t. I can’t.”

James’s thumbs rub his cheeks, like he’s trying to brush away his tears but it’s a bit of a lost cause. Regulus can’t tell which of them is shaking more.

“You need to eat Regulus,” James whispers, and Regulus closes his eyes. “I don’t know what else to do.”

I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself.

He knows what will happen. He’s been here before. Hands handling him roughly, people talking over him, poking and prodding. Casually dismissing him. They say the voices in his head won’t kill him. They say the panic that rises in chest won’t stop his heart. They say he can ignore them. Just ignore them. They'll go away eventually, if you tell the therapist enough. If you take enough pills. But they’re wrong. They’re wrong. And it’s so fucking scary.

“Please,” James is still whispering. “Please, for me?”

“That’s not fair,” Regulus croaks.

“I know,” James admits. “But I’m asking anyway. I need you to be okay Regulus, alright? I need you to be—I can’t—“ but his voice breaks, choking him on the way out, and his words fade away. Falling between the seats. Hiding in the glove box. He’s still holding onto James’s wrists, so he gives them a squeeze, forcing his eyes to open. James is a mess. They both are, he imagines, infinitely grateful that he doesn’t have to look at his own face right now. What have I done to us?

“Okay,” he manages, even though it feels like swallowing glass.

Because he hates himself. Hates himself. Hates himself. But he doesn’t hate James.

“Yeah?”

“But I’m not being admitted, I’ll stay for their fucking tests or whatever, but that's it, no matter what the doctors say, alright?”

James is nodding, he doesn’t really understand. He’s normal. He’s never been through this. Doesn’t realize how easily the system sucks you up. How little choice it gives you. How little choice it thinks you deserve.

“Sure, okay. Whatever you say.”

He looks so hopeful, leaning forward and placing a wet kiss on Regulus’s forehead before he lets him go, pulling back to put his seatbelt on again. To start the car.

“James,” Regulus says cautiously. “This won’t fix anything.” Because it won’t. Because it never does.

James gives him a weak smile. “I know,” and then: “But maybe it’ll help?”

And Regulus doesn’t have the heart to correct him.

 

 

They sit in a waiting room, a paper number in hand, under fluorescent lights, in uncomfortable chairs, surrounded by people in various states of distress. People who actually deserve to be there. People whose pain is out of their control. Regulus feels his shame like an anchor, making his whole body sink.

The number is called. Regulus moves to another chair, this one in front of a nurse in a booth, James hovering over his shoulder. The nurse asks him questions: what’s his address? What’s his phone number? Can she see his health card? His ID? Why is he there?

“I can’t…eat,” which isn’t the truth, but isn’t a lie either.

“And he’s not sleeping,” James says, Regulus would glare at him but he hasn’t got the energy. The woman doesn’t look up from the computer in front of her and, presumably, the form she’s filling out.

“Any fever? Vomiting?”

“No fever,” he bites his lower lip. “Some vomiting.” He can feel James looking at him, he doesn’t meet his gaze.

A few more standard questions are asked. Then he holds out his arm and a plastic bracelet is wrapped around his wrist and he’s sent back to the waiting room. It’s not like the waiting room in a doctor’s office. There’s no music. No generic art on the walls. There’s a TV screen where the numbers flash up when it’s your turn to be processed. Regulus curls over his knees. The smell of the place makes him feel woozy. All hospitals have the same smell—cleaning product, barely masking something rotten. James reaches out, rubs his back, Regulus barely manages not to shrug him off. The shame grows. It’s nearly unbearable.

Eventually they’re called again, along with several other patients, and lead down a series of hallways into the ER proper. There’s a desk, behind which doctors and nurses sit in front of various computers and on various phones, rushing in and out of the room. In front of the desk are beds, most surrounded by curtains that have been pulled closed. And then there are more chairs. They’re herded into these chairs to resume their waiting.

The hospital is crawling on his skin. He feels worse just being here. Sicker. Not that he is sick. He’s…well…he’s not sick. He wraps his arms protectively around himself, not looking at anyone, especially not at James. James who should be in a diner having dinner with someone who doesn’t mind being called his boyfriend. Not sitting in the ER.

“Regulus Black?”

He grimaces, looking up at a man in scrubs. He gives Regulus a curt smile before gesturing to one of the now vacant beds. James follows him, standing next to the bed as Regulus sits on the side.

“Hi Regulus,” the man says—mid-thirties maybe? Brown hair, scruff on his jaw, kind eyes. “I’m Dr. Tanner. What seems to be the problem today?”

He’s looking at a clipboard so Regulus imagines he knows what the problem is, but he clearly wants Regulus to explain himself anyway.

“I’m having trouble eating,” he actually wants to claw the words out of the air. Wants to rinse out his mouth. It’s so fucking embarrassing.

The doctor nods, putting the clipboard aside. “Can you roll up your sleeve for me?”

Regulus does, watching as the man wraps a familiar band around his upper arm and starts taking his blood pressure. “What exactly is making it hard for you to eat?” he asks mildly, watching the numbers. “Is it painful? Do you have trouble keeping it down?”

Regulus feels naked. Horribly exposed. It’s awful, something rotting in the pit of his stomach. “I have trouble getting the food down. But, no, it’s not…painful.”

The man nods, taking the armband off of Regulus and writing something down. “Are you experiencing a loss of appetite?”

Regulus doesn’t know how to answer that. “I don’t really…have an appetite,” he responds awkwardly.

“I see,” Dr. Tanner says, still with the same polite voice. Gentle eyes. “And is this a new problem?”

Regulus grits his teeth. “No,” he manages.

“How long would you say this has been going on, give or take?”

Regulus stares blankly back at him. After several seconds he opens his mouth but then closes it again. He has years of memories of moving food around his plate. Of dreading dinner. It was the one rule he could never really follow—eating his food. He was ‘picky’ his mother would say, with distaste. A very gauche thing to be in her opinion. But for most of his life that’s all it was. And then Sirius left.

He’s never been sure if Sirius was really helping him that much with food, and that’s why it all started to fall apart without him. Or if Sirius just…helped. If having him around just helped in every way. Regardless, his leaving really drove home how fragile Regulus is. How fragile he still is. Fuck.

“Reg?” James asks, and Regulus blinks, looking up at him and then away. He’s taken too long to answer. A concerning amount of time judging by the faces of the two men looking at him.

He clears his throat. “I don’t know how long it’s been going on,” he manages, and then, resigned, and in a voice barely audible: “A while.”

James seems confused by that. The doctor less so.

“I want to get a blood test done and also have a look at you with the ultrasound, make sure there’s nothing mechanical we’re dealing with. One of the nurses will bring in a gown, just take off your shirt, your pants can stay on, and then they’ll put the IV in, okay?”

No. No. No.

Regulus nods with difficulty. Throat tight. “Okay.”

“IV?” James asks, looking mildly concerned, his eyes flicking back and forth between Regulus and the doctor. “Isn't that for like, surgery and stuff?”

That makes the doctor laugh. “No.”

“It's just gives them access to your veins,” Regulus supplies, still not quite able to look at James. “To draw blood or give you fluids. It's really not a big deal.”

James makes an “o” shape with his mouth just as the doctor says: “Very good. What are you, pre-med?”

Regulus can't tell if it's a joke, it's not as though someone couldn't pick up what an IV is from watching a few episodes of any medical drama on TV. He answers anyway, just incase it's not: “No.” Not bothering to explain further. He is not proud of how familiar he is with hospitals. With tubes and needles and holes in his skin. He'd rather not put himself on display any further.

“Right,” the doctor says after an awkward pause. “Well, I’ll see you boys once we get some of these results back, alright?”

 

 

James does him the curtesy of turning away when Regulus undresses. He doesn’t even need to ask. There are few things as dehumanizing as a hospital gown, at least in Regulus’s opinion. The IV is inserted in his arm, near the inside of his elbow, needle irritating his skin as three small, short tubes hang out of it. When they start filling vials with his blood his skin grows hot, pins and needles running through his body until dots cloud his vision. Like a television screen that’s lost its signal. When he comes to he’s lying on his back on the bed, a nurse hovering over him, James on his other side looking nervous, a blood pressure band wrapped around his arm again.

When he manages to speak what he says is: “I’m going to be sick.”

He doesn’t know where the nurse gets the bin from, but a second later it’s there, Regulus leaning over the side of his bed and regurgitating the contents of his stomach. There isn’t much. His arm hurts. His head hurts. He wants to go home.

He does not get to go home.

The ER is not the most efficient place on the planet. There’s a lot of waiting. A lot of prodding and poking. James is beside him for all of it. Or, well, most of it anyway. Regulus wishes he wasn’t. Wishes he wasn’t here for any of this.

“Alright Regulus,” Dr. Tanner says as he walks back through the curtains several hours after the first time. “Before I start discussing this all with you,” he gestures with the clipboard in his hands. “I want to make sure that you’re okay with me talking about it in front of your friend?”

Regulus looks briefly at James and then away. He doesn’t answer, hands curling into fists. He doesn’t want to have to say the words out loud. After several seconds of painful silence James coughs, clearing his throat and standing up out of the uncomfortable chair he’d been sitting in for the last few hours.

“Er—right, I’ll just, uh, wait for you out there, okay?”

Regulus nods, an apology in his mouth that never makes it out. After the curtain closes behind him Dr. Tanner pulls the chair James had been using up to the bed and sits in font of Regulus. “Alright, well, lets start at the top huh?” he says. “You’re pretty dehydrated, your iron is concerningly low, so is your blood pressure. But other than that, there’s nothing physically wrong with you that I can see. Certainly nothing that would prevent you from eating.” 

Regulus, of course, knew that. So he doesn’t offer up any sort of answer. Hands in his lap, fingers picking at themselves. Eventually the doctor speaks again.

“You said this has been going on for a long time?”

He forces himself to speak: “Yeah.”

“Have you seen someone about it before?”

Another Herculean effort: “Yeah,” and then, this time sensing he won’t get away with a one word answer: “I was in an in-patient program at a hospital back home for a few months last year,” words bitter. “After that I had a therapist. Prescriptions.”

Tanner raises his eyebrow. “Which prescriptions?”

He sighs. “They started with Lexapro, which helped with the anxiety but not the sleeping. I basically became an insomniac. So they switched me to Zoloft, but that wasn’t really doing anything, no matter how they adjusted the doses,” he rubs a hand over his face. It had been exhausting, switching between pills, experiencing new and unpleasant side effects, changing doses every few weeks. “Eventually they started me on Paxil, that seemed to work okay.”

The doctor is watching him, no judgement on his face, or in his voice, when he says: “There is a chance the medication might actually be contributing to your problems with food, they do sometimes effect people's appetites.”

Regulus grimaces. “No,” and when the doctor continues to sit there patiently, watching him: “I haven’t taken any since August.”

Tanner nods. “At the discretion of your therapist or your GP?”

“Neither,” he doesn’t think he needs to elaborate more than that. 

There's a short pause, and then: “Well,” Tanner leans forward, elbows on his thighs, paperwork hanging between his knees. “We have an eating disorder clinic here at the hospital, they run both in and out patient programs—“

“No,” Regulus has physically leaned away from the man, but the doctor doesn’t seem surprised by this.

“Hey kid, you’re eighteen okay? I can’t do anything you don’t want me to, I’m just letting you know what your options are, and what my opinion as a medical professional is,” Regulus continues to eye him warily, “I’d also recommend you go back on your medication if it was working.”

Regulus has always found it to be somewhat misleading when people talk about medication working. It…helped, sure. But he was never 100% better. Never normal. And every time he had to swallow one of those pills it was like a painful reminder that he was a failure. That he wasn’t strong enough to manage on his own. He can’t even blame it on his parents because Sirius grew up in the same house and he doesn’t need someone to alter his fucking brain chemistry so he can be a normal person.

How did I end up here again? 

He feels tears teasing the edges of his eyes, tickling the back of his throat, and he uses every bit of willpower he has to force them back down.

“Alright, so, here’s what I’m gonna do right now,” Tanner goes on, eventually. “I’m gonna hook you up to a bag, get some fluids in you, and I’m gonna bring you a meal replacement shake,” Regulus pulls a face and the doctor holds up his hands. “Again, I can’t force you to do anything, but I’d really appreciate it if you drank it. It’ll make you feel better, and, between you and me,” he leans forward slightly, “I think it’ll make him feel better too,” he nods his head towards the curtains through which James disappeared.

Regulus wrinkles his nose. “They teach you guilt tripping in medical school?”

The doctor laughs, getting to his feet. “Absolutely. You have a flavour preference?”

“Vanilla,” Regulus says instantly. Clean. Pure. He doesn’t like shakes. Doesn’t like when lots of things are blended up together so that he can’t see the individual parts. But if he has to choke one of these down, vanilla will be the easiest.

The doctor nods. “Vanilla it is.” 

 

 

Regulus and James don’t talk on the drive home. Well, at least Regulus doesn’t. James tries a few times but when it doesn’t get him anywhere he gives up, letting the radio fill the bruised air between them. Regulus sits with his head leaning against the window. Trying to ignore the feeling of the shake in his stomach. Heavy. Greasy. Refusing to be digested. He tries not to imagine it crawling up the walls of his skin. Tries not to be sick.

“Reg,” James grabs hold of his wrist once they get out of the car. It’s the middle of the night now—three in the morning, maybe? They’re standing in front of the residence building, and despite James’s grip, Regulus resists the impulse to close the space between them. He doesn’t say anything but he does look up at James, finally. Does allow him the privilege of having his full attention. James’s eyes are searching. Regulus would be surprised if they found anything they were looking for.

“Okay?” James asks finally, and with a helpless look on his face. Like he’s lost but trying desperately not to show it.

Somehow, Regulus manages a weak smile. “Yeah, James. I’m okay. We’re okay.” Lies. Both. Always lying.

James smiles back, just as tentatively. “Good.”

 

 

Evan isn’t in their room when Regulus gets back. Or the next morning, when he wakes up. He assumes he’s at Cerci’s and he’s grateful. Regulus doesn’t go to the library. Doesn’t look at his phone. The only thing he does do is wrap himself in his comforter and hide in the closet. It’s small. And dark. And pathetic. And he tries to imagine that he isn’t a person. Tries to imagine that he doesn’t exist. Tries to disappear.

He has no idea what time it is, when the knocking starts.

He registers it vaguely but doesn’t make any attempt to move, instead burrowing further into his blankets, squeezing his eyes shut. Happy that whoever it is can’t see him. He is so tired of being seen.

“Regulus?” James’s muffled voice comes through the wood. Regulus’s eyes pop open but he doesn’t do anything else. “Regulus come on, open the door.” More knocking. “I checked the library and I know you don’t have class right now.” Regulus grimaces. It is so like James to memorize his schedule. “Reg—“ but then James cuts himself off. Regulus wonders if it’s because someone’s come outside to complain about the noise, or if Evan’s come home. But he doesn’t hear any voices. And then, a second later, there’s ringing.

“Answer the phone Reg,” James says. “Answer the phone or I start yelling.”

Regulus would really like to avoid a scene, so, begrudgingly, he pulls himself out of the closet and picks up the phone on his desk.

“Thank christ,” James curses under his breath “You fucking scared me, you could have responded to at least one of my texts and let me know you were okay.” Regulus hadn’t seen the texts, of course. Though that isn’t what curdles his stomach. It’s that James had jumped so quickly to fear. For months Regulus has left messages unread, and James has never come running in a panic. It’s just proof that last night changed things in exactly the way Regulus had never wanted them changed. 

“Regulus?”

He sits down on the side of his bed, the phone still pressed to his ear, but he doesn’t speak. Can’t bear the thought of hearing his own voice. He isn’t real. He doesn’t exist. He’s disappeared. How can he speak?

“Regulus,” James repeats, though something has shifted, his voice quieter, desperate. “What did the doctor say?” still whispering. Regulus closes his eyes, letting out a shaking exhale as he curves around the phone like he’s just been hit. When several moments pass without a response James sighs on the other end. “Please don’t do this,” another blow. “Please don’t push me away. You don’t have to. Whatever you’re thinking right now, you’re wrong. I just want to take care of you Regulus, please.”

But that’s just it.

Regulus doesn’t want to be someone that has to be taken care of. A burden. A liability. He doesn’t want James to have to spend his time worrying about him. Sometimes, in his bolder moments, Regulus finds himself dreaming that he could be the one to take care of James.

“Open the door,” Regulus squeezes the phone in his hand so tight he’s surprised it doesn’t crack. “Come on, open the door.”

But he can’t.

He’s not here.

He doesn’t exist.

He’s disappeared.

There’s a noise in the hallway, Regulus thinks James might be leaning against the door.

“Okay,” the other boy says finally. “Okay, I’ll go. But I just—you have it all wrong Regulus. You have it all wrong. You think you’re letting us all down, you think you’re failing but you’re not. You’re—“ and then he laughs wetly. “It’s like—you remember the first time we spoke properly? In the library at the start of the year?” Regulus nods even though he knows James can’t see him, desperately hanging onto every word, snatching them away and hiding them under his bed. Hoarding them like gold. “You told me to kill my darlings, right?” Regulus has no idea where this is going. “You spend all this time trying to be what you think everyone else wants—your mom, Sirius, fuck I think you even do it with me. But all those people you think everyone in your life wants you to be, they’re strangling you. So kill their fucking darlings. Because you, Regulus Black, you are the story.”

You are the story.

“Okay,” voice cracking. “That’s it. That’s all. I’m going now. Goodbye Reg.”

He listens as the line goes dead. And then as James’s footsteps fade down the hall. And then he listens to the voices swirling around inside his head: 

You aren’t here.

You don’t exist.

You have disappeared.

And then, unexpectedly, hiding just beneath his ribs. In the corner of his heart. At the back of his mind. A voice that he’s never heard before whispers:

 

You are the story.

 

 

 

 

      
Notes:

    this whole chapter was written to and sounds like What Was I Made For by Billie Eilish

    ANYWAY

    the next chapter is another Regulus / Jegulus centric chapter and then we're gonna get more Wolfstar content and then ***BARTY***

    SO many things to look forward to!

    i hope the chapter was okay and not like boring . . . it was written in transit so who knows! i think i'm going to try and focus on kyd since there aren't many chapters left and just pump them out more consistently so the next chapter should be coming at you soooooooonnnnnn!

Chapter 25
Summary:

    You're a fucking idiot

Notes:

    tw reference to self-harm
    tw ED
    cw mild violence

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Regulus

 

One Year Earlier

 

“SENIOR YEAR BITCH!” Cerci shouts, as she sits across from Regulus at one of the picnic benches in front of their school.

He doesn’t look up from his textbook. “You can’t say that everyday.”

“Is that a bet?” He can hear the grin in her voice. 

“No.”

“C’mon, how much do you want to bet I can’t say it everyday?”

“Zero dollars.”

“Cause I’ll take that action.”

“There is no action.”

“Twenty dollars? Fifty?” 

Regulus sighs, finally looking up only to find her smiling triumphantly back at him, clearly pleased that her goading has succeeded in getting his attention. “Good morning Regulus,” she says obnoxiously. “I see you are in a fabulous mood as always today.”

He rolls his eyes. “Good morning, Cerci.”

As if on cue the bell rings, causing the loitering students standing in huddles across the lawn to start meandering towards the doors. Cerci slips her arm through Regulus’s the second he’s on his feet. He’d shove her off but he knows it’s no use.

“I have a feeling this is going to be a good day,” she says, practically skipping at his side.

Regulus sighs. “You always have that feeling.”

“Doesn’t make it any less true!” she practically sings.

“If you say so.”

“I do.”

“Alright.”

“Fine.”

“Great.”

Cerci leans in just a little bit closer, big eyes staring at him imploringly even though Regulus keeps his gaze forward, doing his best not to encourage her. “Say it, go on.”

“No.”

“Oh come on Regulus,” she pulls on the arm she’s currently clutching. “Say it, I know you wanna!”

“I promise you, I don’t.”

But she makes big puppy dog eyes at him, dragging her feet in a way that will almost certainly make them late for class. After several seconds of this Regulus finally gives in, looking at her properly. “This is going to be a good day,” he says flatly.

Cerci throws her free arm in the air. “Hell yeah it is!” and then, just when Regulus thinks the worst of it is over, she tilts her head towards the sky and shouts: “Senior year bitch!!!”

“Christ,” Regulus mutters, embarrassed, but Cerci only laughs, the noise trailing after them as they enter the building.

 

 

It was not, unfortunately, a good day.

 

 

Regulus knows something is wrong the second he gets home from school. His mother’s car is in the driveway for one thing, and she’s rarely ever home before five pm. Regulus lets his knapsack slide off his shoulder and onto the foyer floor, anxiety beginning to itch at the inside of his skin.

“Hello?” he calls out, taking a hesitant step forward. His voice echoes, the house feeling somehow emptier and colder than it had when he left that morning.

“We’re upstairs,” comes the returning call, Regulus’s eyes jumping to the staircase. We’re? Both his parents are home? For a moment he just stands there, eyes staring above him like he’ll suddenly develop x-ray vision and be able to see what his parents are doing. He runs through the list of reasons they might be waiting for him—are they getting a divorce? did the school call?—he’s pretty sure his grades are okay. And by pretty sure he means he knows. Knows for a fact they are.

It’s senior year.

His whole life has become nothing but an obsession with grades. Tests. Assignments. His mother hovering over his shoulder as he fills out university applications. Making her disapproval clear anytime he applies somewhere out of town. She dictates the courses to him, the programs she’ll accept. She reads over his essays, tells him what he’s doing wrong, where he falls short.

“Regulus! Come up here please!”

Her voice jolts him back to the present, and he forces himself to uncurl his fists as he starts up the stairs. He’d been clutching them so tightly he can feel the imprints of his nails in his palms. He falters again when he gets to the top of the stairs, when he sees which door is open, which room they’re in. He very seriously considers turning around and running back out the front door. The itching has turned to claws. The anxiety a beast inside him. Destroying his insides. Shredding them up. He’s shaking something fierce as he starts to step towards his room. Somehow he already knows what he’ll find and yet he’s still unprepared for it.

His mother is standing by his bed, arms crossed over her chest, face stern. His father sitting in his desk chair, elbows on his knees, head lifting when Regulus walks into the room. He freezes just past the doorway, body going cold. His bed is covered in food. So is his floor. Boxes of cereal, of crackers, of pasta. Bags of chips. And then there’s other food, some wrapped in napkins, some moldy beyond recognition. It’s been sitting beneath his bed, rotting.

“Well?” Walburga demands. “Care to explain yourself?”

No.

No. No. No.

“I—“

“What the hell is this Regulus?” she jabs her finger accusingly at the bed before he can finish. Regulus flinches, his mouth snapping shut. This house is big, yet suddenly the walls are closing in.

“Because it looks like something a crazy person would do.”

“Walburga,” his father says softly.

“Well?” she demands. “Doesn’t it? I mean, Christ Regulus, what do you expect us to think about this?”

He isn’t sure when it started. Just that the more stress he felt the less he could eat, but the more obsessed with food he became. He wanted to see it. Touch it. Line it up in a row. He couldn’t eat it. Could never eat it. But there was something satisfying about placing it in colour coded piles. Sometimes he would pull it out from under his bed or his desk drawers and look at it. Count it. Organize it all for the hundredth time.

“Regulus?” his mother snaps her fingers. “Hello?”

He is flooded with shame. At being exposed like this. At being seen. “It’s nothing. It’s nothing. What—what are you even doing in here?”

“The maids were complaining about the smell.”

Ah. The smell. It had crept up so gradually, a sort of musk in the air, a heaviness. Rotting food. The truth is, Regulus kind of likes it. It tickles some weird part of him. It’s the same feeling he gets when he breaks the food down. Crushing it in its packages. Squishing it. Ruining it. He isn’t sure what that’s about. Tries not to think about it too much. Ends up thinking about it all the time. For someone who barely eats, his world revolves around food. When he isn’t thinking about homework, about university applications, about his future. It’s food, food, food, food.

“Get out,” he finally manages, trembling slightly.

“And what? Leave this mess here to rot?” 

“Get. Out.” She doesn’t listen, of course. Maybe she doesn’t even hear him. Regulus has long suspected that to be the case. Even when they’re in the same room, even when he’s screaming, she never hears him.

“—our food, food we’ve paid for. Just going to waste!”

He is ashamed. And he is angry. And he is barely himself. There is something in him and it is twisted and wrong and fucked up and loud. So loud. And he just needs to be left alone. He just needs to be able to put it all back in order. He just needs to be able to crush it between his fingers. He just needs to feel that familiar ache that means he’s hungry. He needs to sit with it. And hurt and hurt and feel like he deserves it. And feel like he’s doing so good when he doesn’t give in. When he survives it. Needs to feel like he’s finally doing so good. Finally got control. He just needs them out of here. He just needs them to stop looking at him.

“Regulus—“

“Get out, get out, GET OUT!”

His father is standing now, arms outstretched, pleading. “Regulus, calm down.”

“Get out of my room!” he sounds like he’s five. He feels like he’s five. Or eleven, his brother gone, leaving him all alone in this empty fucking house. If you’d been better, whispers the voice in his head, if you’d been better he wouldn’t have left. Mom wouldn’t have yelled. They wouldn’t all hate coming home. It isn’t the food that’s rotten. It isn’t the food that smells. You are spoiled. You are bruised. You are nothing that anyone wants.

“Get out of my room!”

“Regulus, stop shouting,” his mother admonishes, though she doesn’t approach him, doesn’t try to touch him. He doesn’t blame her.

“Just breathe okay?” his father is saying. “Just take a deep breath and we’ll talk about this.”

“You’re acting like an insane person,” Walburga says, mostly under her breath.

Regulus is. He is insane. He is crazy. He knows that. He knows. He just can’t stop. Can’t make it stop. Doesn’t want to. Can’t see the point. He’s glad they still don’t know about the marks on the insides of his arms. His thighs. It isn’t that Regulus wants to die. That would be too simple. Too bold. Regulus doesn’t want to die. He just wants to have never been born. He thinks his mother probably wants that too.

She moves towards the bed then, she’s speaking, he can see her mouth moving, but all he hears is static. Is his own heartbeat, pounding against his eardrum. She starts to clear up the food on his bed. She’s mixing it up. She’s touching it. She’s taking it away.

“Stop,” he says, stepping forward, but his father is there, blocking him. He’s speaking too but Regulus can’t understand him. It’s like he can hear his voice but it’s all just sound. Not even words. “Stop,” he says again, straining against his father’s grip, trying to get to his mother. “Stop. Stop it. Get out. Get out! Leave me alone! Get out!”

She throws something in the trashcan by his desk, he doesn’t even know what, and that sets off a new wave of panic in him. He shoves his father hard, the older man stumbling but still managing to grab Regulus’s arm, pulling him back. Yanking him—probably more violently than he would have if he weren’t off balance. And Regulus isn’t thinking. He isn’t himself. So when he’s pulled back he turns around and punches him.

Walburga screams, Orion’s hand going to his face as blood gushes down from his nose, eyes wide, staring at Regulus like he’s scared of him. He probably is. A sick feeling rocks through Regulus as he holds his arms up, Walburga still shrieking as he backs himself all the way against the far wall.

“I’m sorry,” he says, voice cracking in horror. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Fuck, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—I shouldn’t have—I’m sorry.”

His mother goes to his father, and Regulus sinks to the floor, curling himself up as tightly as he can. Knees pressing into his chest, arms wrapping around his legs. It doesn’t stop the shaking. You are spoiled. You are bruised. You are nothing that anyone wants.

 

 

A few days later he’s in a hospital.

Clothes stripped from him, hospital gown on. They run blood tests, urine tests, drug tests. He stands on a scale, they pinch the skin at his hip, place cold stethoscopes against his abdomen, his heart, shuffling him from one room to the next. Regulus feels numb, which he imagines is for the best. People talk to him but they don’t say very much. They do find the cuts. The pink puckering lines beginning to heal. The ugly scabbed ones he’s just torn open. They say more things. Regulus doesn’t say much back. 

Eventually they sit him down in a room with his parents. He’s allowed the dignity of putting his clothes back on. There’s a doctor, a psychologist, a nutritionist—a whole team. Regulus fidgets on the couch, feeling very much like he’s on trial. More words. Words, words, words. He isn’t following really. They talk about medication. About therapy. About food.

“We believe Regulus has disordered eating” and “We would recommend he enter our in-patient program.”

His mother wrinkles her nose. “An eating disorder,” she says with distaste, turning to him. “Really Regulus? I thought you were better than this.”

Regulus doesn’t say anything. He spends the next three months in the hospital. Confined to a wheelchair because they won’t let him walk. Don’t want him burning calories. Not that exercise has ever been Regulus’s problem, but they don’t seem to care. His life becomes sterile halls, and fluorescent lights, and a rotation of nurses and doctors and examinations that never seem to end.

Senior year bitch.

Sitting in his dorm room closet almost a year latter, surrounded by blankets, he still can’t get his mother’s words out of his head. I thought you were better than this. I thought you were better than this. I thought you were better.

Yeah, he thinks, resigned. I did too.

 

 

Part II James

He goes straight to Sirius’s, barely able to think the whole way there, a cold sort of dread descending on him during the drive. It’s the way he feels after a bad hit on the ice, when he’s lying there, wind knocked out of him, wondering whether or not he’s going to be able to move ever again. The panic before the dust settles and he knows how bad it really is. When all the worst things are still possible. That’s how he feels right now.

He doesn’t remember parking his car. Isn’t sure what time it is. He probably should have called Sirius, checked that he was home, but he hadn’t been thinking things through. Hadn’t been thinking at all really. He’s on a weird sort of autopilot. Just moving. His hands shaking when he starts knocking on the apartment door. 

“Sirius!” he calls out, fear climbing up his voice. “Sirius!” Please, he thinks, please be home. Please, please, please. “Si—“

The door swings open and Sirius is there; baggy shirt, gym shorts, hair tied back—familiar. Safe. Home. James feels himself exhale. Somehow, despite everything, the sight of Sirius settles something in James. You and me. It’s you and me.

“James?” Sirius asks, brow furrowed, concern creasing his eyes. “What is it? What’s wrong?”

“Can I come in?” his voice still doesn’t sound right, all jittery and shaky, and James can tell from Sirius’s expression that he hears it too.

“Yeah, of course,” he moves out of the way, James stumbling into the apartment. He doesn’t know what to do, he walks into the living room but doesn’t sit, can’t sit, turning back to Sirius who is still standing by the front door, brow arched.

“Okay, you’re starting to freak me out here,” Sirius laughs nervously, after several seconds of tense silence.

“Fuck, sorry,” James’s hand rubs nervously at the back of his neck. He doesn’t know where to start. And there’s still a nagging voice in his head that keeps reminding him that he promised. He promised Reg he wouldn’t do this exact thing. And he knows Regulus well enough to know that he will never forget this. Never trust James again. Which aches.

Sirius steps forward, placing his hands on James’s shoulders and squeezing. “It’s fine, just…tell me what has you so upset, yeah? Whatever it is, we’ll fucking fix it okay?” You and me. You and me. Youandmeyouandmeyouandme.   

“Sirius,” his voice breaks. “I think I fucked up.”

“Okay,” Sirius says steadily, nodding his head. “It happens, believe me, I know.”

James grimaces, squeezing his eyes shut. You and me. You and me. Youandmeyouandmeyouandme. 

“I’m sorry.” He can practically feel Sirius’s confusion.

“James—“

“Regulus needs your help.”

There’s a pause. And then: “What?”

“I tried to—tried to take care of him but I couldn’t. I don’t—I don’t know what to do anymore. And I think, I think it’s getting really bad and—“

“Woah, hold-up,” Sirius’s hands have fallen away, and James forces his eyes to open, forces himself to look at his best friend who is currently staring at James like he’s never seen him before.

“What the fuck is going on here?”

James tries to swallow, throat tight. “I took him to the hospital last night, I don’t know what the doctor said but he won’t leave his room now and I’m scared that—“

But once again Sirius interrupts, holding his hands up. “You took him to the hospital?” he demands. “Why the hell are you taking him to the hospital? Why the hell are you telling me this at all? I didn’t even know you and Regulus talked—what the fuck?”

James just looks back at him. He opens his mouth but nothing seems to make it out. He doesn’t know how to explain. What to say. But the longer he stands there silently the more he watches understanding contort Sirius’s face.

“No,” the word is steely. Ground out between his teeth.

“Sirius—“

“Tell me it’s not what I think it is. Tell me.”

But James is certain, from the anger in his voice, that it is almost definitely exactly what Sirius is thinking. Sirius’s eyes grow dark and he shakes his head, jaw clenched.

“How long?” he demands finally.

“Sirius,” James tries again, though he’s not exactly sure what it is he wants to say.

“How fucking long James!”

He flinches, looking away. He hates lying. Hates the way it makes the truth feel dirty. It takes effort to force the words out:  “I-I don't know. October maybe? November?” It's all blurring together right now. Sometimes him and Regulus feel so big he swears it's always been them. Even before they met properly. Before they stood in the same room. 

“Oh you—you have got to be fucking kidding me.”

“I’m sorry.”

“You’ve been lying for months!”

Those words hit James right in the chest, he might even take a step back. The betrayal in his best friend’s voice a wound in his side. A crack in his heart. A tear in his lungs. You and me. You and me. Youandmeyouandmeyouandme. 

“I’m sorry,” he says for the third time. “He asked me not to tell you, I—“

“Oh well, in that case no hard feelings I guess. I mean, fuck me right? We’ve only been best friends since we were five years old but I guess if my brother makes you pinky-swear that’s all fucking irrelevant,” Sirius isn’t looking at him anymore, busy shoving his feet into his boots. 

“It wasn’t like that!” James says desperately, walking forward, hands outstretched. Like he can somehow show Sirius. Show him how much he cares about him. How much he loves him.

“Really?” Sirius huffs. “Because it seems like it was exactly like that.”

“I—“ but James doesn’t get to finish that sentence because at that moment the door opens and Remus walks in. He stops abruptly at the sight of James, keys still in the lock.

“Shit, you scared me, I—“ but he cuts off at the sight of James’s face, eyes flicking to Sirius who has just finished doing up his laces. “Er—what’s up guys?”

“Oh,” Sirius starts, before switching to his hands: Wait until you get a load of this. It’s really fucking hilarious Remus. Best joke I’ve heard in ages. He looks at James. “Well, go on, tell him."

“Sirius please.”

“Fuck you,” he says, heading towards the closet and pulling out his jacket as Remus’s stare continues to bounce between them.

“Okay, sorry, I’m still confused here.”

James sighs, running a hand over his face. “I—I’ve been, I mean I am, I’m,” James stammers, which is very unlike him but he’s feeling severely wrong footed here. Remus squints, no doubt trying to puzzle out a single word of that.

He’s fucking my little brother, Sirius signs helpfully.

Remus blinks. What?

“Oh yeah.”

Remus looks back at James, eyes wide, and James has the intense desire to hide. To sink into the floorboards. To shut himself up in the bathroom. Eventually, he clears his throat. “I’m not just…I’m with him.”

Remus is still staring, like James has sprouted a second head or something. You’re with Regulus?

Yes.

Regulus Black?

James grimaces. Yes.

“Holy shit.”

“Yup,” Sirius say sharply.

Remus is looking dazed, going to run a hand through his hair when he seems to realize he’s still standing in the open doorway. He finally moves, allowing the door to close, leaving the three of them in awkward silence for about five seconds before Sirius cuts back in;

“Why the fuck did you have to take Regulus to the hospital?”

James blinks. “What?”

“You said you had to take him to the hospital, you said he needed me, what exactly is going on?” voice still razor blades, still cutting James up.

“Uh, he—he isn’t eating.” Sirius doesn’t seem surprised by this.

“For how long?” James stares blankly back at him, not sure how to answer that question.

“I-I don’t know? A while I think.”

“Brilliant,” Sirius says bitterly. “Is he taking his meds?”

James blinks. “Meds?”

Sirius makes a frustrated noise. “Yes. Meds. Medication. Tiny little pills in plastic bottles, I'm sure you've heard of them before.”

James shakes his head, feeling suddenly lost, uncertain. “I don’t—I don’t know. He never—what does he need meds for? What does that have to do with eating?”

“Wow, gosh, you guys have a real deep connection huh? You ever ask any questions? Or were you too busy sticking your dick in his mouth?” Sirius immediately makes a face. “Ugh, gross, don’t answer that.”

“Don’t make it sound like—Sirius come on, you know me. It’s not like that! I care about him!”

“Yeah, really sounds like it.”

Which kind of pisses James off, honestly. “Fuck you!”

“Yeah, fuck you right back!”

“Okay, okay,” Remus steps between them, holding his arms out. “Lets calm down, alright?”

“You should have told me!” Sirius shouts, ignoring him. “You should have told me he was struggling! You should have told me before he ended up in the fucking hospital you asshole!"

“I wanted to,” James says desperately. The guilt has claws. It’s tearing him up. “I wanted to, but he made me promise—“

“Fuck promises James, are you kidding me with that?”

“No, you don’t get to do that,” he shakes his head, voice trembling. “You don’t get to say that to me Sirius.”

“Oh, don’t I?”

James is still shaking his head. “No, not when you’ve made me make promises too.”

Sirius goes frighteningly still. A moment ago the room had felt overflowing, loud, chaotic. And now? Now there’s stillness.

“Wait,” Remus breaks the silence. “What do you mean?” looking from James to Sirius. “What promises?” and when neither of them answers: “Sirius? What promises?”

James feels like he can hear Sirius’s teeth grinding against one another as he glares at him over Remus's head. And he wants to take it back. Wants to apologize. Knows he fucked up, but somehow he can’t find the words.

Without warning Sirius starts moving, throwing the front door open and letting it slam shut behind him. James flinches as the noise echoes through the empty room. You and me. You and me. Youandmeyouandmeyouandmeyouandmeyouandmeyouandmeyouandmeyouandme.

“James?”

He opens his eyes, not realizing he closed them in the first place, finding Remus now standing closer, hand on his arm.

“I just wanted to take care of them,” he says weakly. Pathetically.

He watches pity fill his friend’s eyes, the hand on James’s arm squeezing before Remus starts gently shuffling James towards the kitchen.

“C’mon,” he says. “Sit down. I’m making hot chocolate.”

 

 

Part III Sirius

He doesn't know who exactly he’s the most angry at right now. Himself, probably. Because he knew something wasn’t right with Regulus, he knew, but he didn’t want to turn into their fucking mom. Checking up on him all the time. Telling him what to do. He’d thought Regulus would come to him, if he needed help, the way he always used to when they were little. But they’re not little anymore. And he should have known better.

“Regulus!” he pounds on the door, voice loud in the quiet dorm hallway. “Regulus open up!” there’s silence on the other end, but he doesn’t believe it, not for a second. “You open this damn door or I’ll open it for you!” Sirius growls, banging a few more times. But still, nothing happens. No noise from inside. No sign of movement. Fuck it. Sirius has been breaking into dorm rooms since first year. He’s old hat at it by now. With one hand gripping the door knob he delivers a well aimed kick just below the lock and—

“Okay you fucking dick,” he mutters, pushing into the room and shutting the door behind him. He stops when he finds himself face-to-face with two empty beds. A cold sense of dread creeping along his bones, because if Regulus really isn’t here, then where is he? And is he okay? And what if—what if—but then Sirius’s eyes snag on Regulus’s bed. His naked bed. Which means, unless Regulus took his comforter with him, he’s probably still in this room.

Sirius’s eyes scan the space around him, looking for hiding spots. Regulus has always liked cramped spaces, when they were younger Sirius used to find him down in the basement, wedged in the corner between boxes of stuff. Like he was trying to disappear. The thing is, there aren’t many places to hide in a dorm room. There’s the desk, but Sirius can clearly see under it, the bed—but it looks too close to the ground to crawl under—and the closet. Sirius narrows his eyes, walking towards the closet and sliding the wooden door open.

His brother, surrounded by blankets, blinks up at him, a scowl on his face.

“Really Regulus?” Sirius demands, before motioning to the closet. “Bit on the nose, don’t you think?” The scowling intensifies.

“What’re you doing here?” Regulus grumbles, Sirius shoving things out of the way so that he can climb into the stupid closet with him.

“Your boyfriend came to get me,” he says, perhaps with a bit more bitterness than is strictly necessary. He throws a pile of clothes outside of the closet before sinking down onto the floor with a huff and looking at his brother. Regulus’s face is all scrunched up.

“Evan?”

Sirius laughs dryly. “Try again.”

It only takes a second before Regulus goes stiff, eyes wide. “James,” it comes out a horrified whisper.

“Ding, ding, ding.” Believe it or not, Sirius is actually trying not to be an asshole. He’s just not very good at it. 

“He told you,” Regulus’s voice is choked, as he sinks further into his blankets, only his eyes visible.

“Yeah, he told me,” Sirius says flatly. “My best friend Regulus? Really?”

Regulus takes his time answering, Sirius honestly doesn’t think he’s going to, but then: “It wasn’t on purpose.”

Sirius snorts. “Now, that I believe.” He very much doubts Regulus has ever purposefully had feelings for anyone. His younger brother has always preferred to remain as self-contained as possible. Doesn’t like to spread himself out. Doesn’t like to give too much of himself away. Doesn’t want to risk the loss.

There’s a moment of uncomfortable silence, Regulus blinking out at him from his blankets, and Sirius can almost feel the desire to run wafting off of him. Can feel him desperately trying to pull back more and more. Until eventually:

“I’m sorry.”

Sirius arches his brow. “For what?”

There’s some rustling as Regulus fidgets. “For…you know.”

“I don’t.”

Regulus glares, and then, with a sigh: “For…messing around with your friend?”

Sirius just stares at him for a moment, letting those words sink in, marinate in the silence between them, and when Regulus doesn’t take them back. Doesn’t add anything else. He kicks him.

“Ow!” Regulus yelps

“You’re a fucking idiot.”

“I am not!”

“Are too!”

“Am not—ow!” he hisses as Sirius kicks him again.

“Wanna tell me where you were yesterday?” he asks, and when Regulus just glares mutinously at him, rubbing his shin: “What’s going on Regulus, huh?”

The blanket has slipped just a little, dark curls spilling out over his forehead, Regulus’s pale face a bit more visible. Sirius isn’t sure when the last time they hung out was, but even in the shadowy closet he can see small changes. See the darkness of the rings beneath his brother’s eyes, the prominent point of his cheekbones.

“Fuck Reg,” he whispers under his breath.

Regulus flinches, eyes darting away. Another few seconds pass before the younger boy speaks. “I’m okay.”

“Bullshit.”

“I am!”

“Regulus,” he snaps. “I’m done now, alright? I’m not playing anymore. No more excuses. No more lies. You’re not okay. You know you’re not okay. I know you’re not okay. James didn’t show up on my doorstep in hysterics because you’re o—fucking—kay.”

“He shouldn’t have done that,” Regulus grumbles. Sirius could punch him.

“The hell he shouldn’t have! Should have done it weeks ago, actually! Months! Since apparently you fucking assholes have been going out for months.”

Regulus makes several unhappy noises before eventually muttering; “We’re not…” but he doesn’t finish that sentence.

“You’re not? Not what? Fucking? Sorry buddy, but that cats’ out of the bag.”

Regulus huffs. “We’re not going out.”

Sirius has the intense desire to scream, bringing his hands up to his face and dropping his head back against the wall behind him, “Christ,” he laughs, humourlessly. “We’re a fucking pair aren’t we?”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

But Sirius only shakes his head, hands falling back down as he looks at his brother. “Regulus, what’s going on with you? It’s me okay? You can tell me.”

Regulus freezes for a second, before reaching up and tugging the blanket back into place, shrouding his face. “It’s just…” but he doesn’t finish. Sirius waits. He does. But once the words die in Regulus’s mouth they don’t come back.

“It’s just?” nudging him with his foot.

Regulus huffs. “I don’t want to do this,” maybe the first true thing he’s said. “I don’t want to talk to you about this.”

Sirius tries to swallow down that hurt. That pain. “Why?”

“Because,” he sounds frustrated. “Because,” and this time his voice breaks. “I was supposed to be better. I was supposed to show you—“ but he cuts off again, like he is desperate to keep the words in, scrambling to shove them back down his throat. Sirius squints at him.

“Show me? Show me what?”

Regulus doesn’t answer for a long time, grumbling and fidgeting and refusing to look at Sirius. “That you could come home.”

Those words make absolutely no sense to Sirius, and for a long moment all he can do is blink at his little brother. He tries to pick the words apart, to break them into pieces, but it’s no use. He’s lost. “What?” he finally asks, somehow he thinks Regulus has managed to retreat even further into his blankets. 

“If I was better, I thought…I don’t know,” a hand comes up, scrubbing at his face. Something about the gesture is painfully young and it makes Sirius’s chest ache. “I just wanted you to see that I could be just as good as James. As Remus. That we could be—that we could be just as good.”

A wounded noise makes its way out of Sirius’s throat. “Reg—“

“I know I’m not easy to be around.”

“Regulus.”

“That I made you feel like you had to take care of me. That you did have to take care of me. And I wanted—I wanted to prove that you didn’t have to do that anymore. That this could be easy. That being a family could be easy. Because I think maybe it could be, you know? If I wasn’t always making it so fucking hard.”

It’s a horrible confession. It makes Sirius want to tear something apart. “Regulus, you know that—that me not wanting to come home, it has nothing to do with you, right? Nothing.”

Regulus is silent for a few seconds, before: “It must have something to do with me.”

“Reg—fuck. No. No,” he reaches out, more instinct than anything else. Needing to touch him. To hold him. To squeeze him. He finds his calf and does just that. “I wanted you to come with me okay? I swear if there had been any way you could’ve—but it was never you I was walking away from. Never.”

He can tell Regulus doesn’t believe him—can feel it somehow. “I never blamed you, you know,” Regulus says finally, voice rough. “I would leave me too if I could.”

And that’s about all he can take. He’s climbing forward, wrestling the blankets from his brother’s face as he awkwardly kneels in front of him. “Ugh—Sirius! What’re you—“

“Shut-up,” he says, hands on either side of Regulus’s face, getting a good look at him for the first time. “Shut all the way up. I love you so fucking much, you know that? I hate that house and I hate our parents and I never want to go back there but I love you, okay? I have always loved you. And I wouldn’t change one thing about our shitty childhood. Our shitty fucking family. Because I got you. It gave me you. And you’re worth it, for me.”

“Sirius—“

“What happened to us was not your fault, you understand?” He thinks Regulus might be crying. “It was not your fault. And I have never blamed you.”

Maybe they’re both crying. Sniffling, Sirius brings his forehead to Regulus’s, pressing in close. “We are a family,” he says, with as much confidence as he can manage. “You and me. We are a family. And nothing will ever change that.”   

At some point Regulus’s hands have snuck up, gripping Sirius’s arms, the brothers clinging to one another. And for the first time in a long time, in years, Sirius feels some part of him fill itself in. Oh yes, he thinks, oh hello. Oh brother, brother, brother. I was always meant to hold you. My hands have been so empty without you. Oh brother, brother, brother.

“Let me help you Reg, okay?” he asks, voice thick. “Let me help. It’s what I’m made for.”

Regulus lets out a choked sort of laugh, forehead rubbing against Sirius’s. “What if you can’t? I don’t know if—“ his words stutter, fault lines running through them. “What if this is just how I am? What if I can’t be better than this?” a voice that sounds like heartbreak feels. 

Sirius just holds him tighter. “I don’t believe that.”

“But what if it’s true?”

Sirius doesn’t know what the right answer is. Maybe some professional could tell him, there are probably classes you can take, guidebooks you can read, reddit threads you can find—telling you how to talk someone down. How to make them feel less hopeless. But Sirius doesn’t have any of that right now, it’s just him. So eventually he says:

“Then I’ll sit in the closet with you, okay?”

“Sirius—“

“You sink I sink Reg, if this is where we have to spend the rest of our lives then I’ll do it. No problem,” he swallows with difficulty, Regulus hiccupping. “But I don’t believe this is where we stay Reg, I just—I don’t believe that. So I need you to try again, okay? Just one more time. I need you to try for me.”

He can tell that Regulus is doing his best to stop himself from crying, small heartbreaking noises slipping out of his mouth as he trembles under Sirius’s hands. In the hallway outside they can hear the muffled shouts of other students. The opening and closing of doors. But it all feels so far away. Everything that isn’t them feels far away.

“Okay,” Regulus finally manages to get out. “Okay, okay.”

Sirius feels himself exhale. “Yeah?”

Regulus is nodding, pulling away slightly to scrub at his face. “But I can’t—I can’t go back to the hospital Sirius. I can’t.”

Sirius hums, still with his hands on his brother, like he’s worried that if he lets him go he’ll slip away. “Get your stuff.”

Regulus’s eyes go big for a moment, afraid. “Sirius—“

But Sirius only shakes his head. “You’re coming home with me, okay?” and then, because he can’t help it, he pulls him forward and kisses the top of his head. “You’re coming home with me.”

 

 

 
Notes:

    I know this is another short-ish chapter BUT it's still a gooey one right? the angst! the feelings! the brothers!

    Super excited to write the fallout from all this and we should get some good Remus/black brothers content along with that which will be fun!

    OKAY THAT IS ALL MERRY START OF SCHOOL HOPE YOU ARE ALL DEALING BETTER WITH THE CRUSHING SENSE OF EXISTENTIAL DREAD THIS TIME OF YEAR BRINGS BETTER THAN I AM xxoo

Chapter 26
Summary:

    Love, huh?

Notes:

    tw self harm
    tw food descriptions? ish? a little? you just have reg's pov while he eats which isn't like terrible or anything but is a little ed-y y'know???

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Part I Sirius

One Year Earlier

 

“Okay but—but—“

“No! Shut-up! I know exactly what you’re gonna say dude, and you’re so wrong.”

“You do not!”

“Do too! But he fully broke your ankles out there!”

“Oh fuck you,” Sirius gives James a shove, the other boy laughing as they walk out of the rink.

“I’m just saying—“

“I’m just saying,” Sirius repeats mockingly. “You’re just being a little bitch is what you’re doing—especially since you know my skates are new!”

James and Peter both start laughing at that.

“What!” Sirius demands, arms thrown indignantly in the air. “They are! Besides, he barely got past me.”

“He scored a fucking goal!”

“And how is that my fault! Pete’s the goalie!”

“Hey!” Peter says, offended. But James is still smiling, undeterred.

“You’re the one who was on your knees though,” Sirius shoves him again. It was only a practice, their own teammate who made Sirius look like a rookie out on the ice. James would never joke about an actual game like this.

“Okay, you know what?” Sirius looks between his two friends. “Fuck you both.”

Peter holds up his hands. “I didn’t even say anything!”

“No, you’re just over there giggling like a little girl.”

“I mean,” James is enjoying this way too much. “It was kinda funny.”

Sirius levels him with a look, about to start tearing him apart when his phone buzzes in his back pocket. He pulls it out “Mom” flashing across the screen. Sirius’s feet stutter as he comes to an awkward stop, staring at it. His stomach does something unpleasant.

“Padfoot?”

He looks up, finding James and Peter staring at him with varying levels of concern. “Sorry—just—uh—“ she used to call him all the time, his mum. Constantly, in fact. But eventually, eventually that stopped. And once it stopped it really…well…his mother is a bit all or nothing. Either her life revolves around you or you don’t exist to her. He’s only just gotten used to it, if he’s being honest. Used to being ignored. Forgotten. It hurt more than he thought it would. So he doesn’t want to pick up the phone. Doesn’t want to have to go through it all again. But—

“Maman?” he says finally, turning away from James and Peter as he presses the phone to his ear.

“Sirius?” like she doesn’t know who she’s called.

“Oui—salut, c’est moi,” he cringes, never understanding why it feels like talking to a stranger when he speaks with his mother. 

“Tu as mis du temps à le faire.”

“Désolé, je suis —“

“Busy with that game were you?”

He grits his teeth, swallowing down whatever petty retort tries to crawl up his throat. “What do you want mom?”

She huffs. “I see your manners haven’t improved.”

“Mom.”

“I’m sorry, have you somewhere important to be?” he doesn’t bother answering, glaring down at the asphalt. Out of the corner of his eye he can see James getting fidgety, like he wants to take the phone out of Sirius’s hand and have this conversation for him. Shield him from his mother. But they both know he can’t. “That’s what I thought,” his mother says finally.

“Can I help you with something?”

She huffs, like he’s the one being difficult. “Your brother’s in the hospital.”

Sirius’s whole body goes stiff, and it must be obvious because James steps forward, closing the gap between them in a second, hand squeezing Sirius’s arm.

“W—what?” he manages, heart hammering in his chest. “What happened? Is he okay? Is he—“

“Oh please Sirius, lets not turn this into a drama. I haven’t got the energy.”

His fist curls around his phone and he’s actually surprised it doesn’t crack. “Mom. What. Happened,” he forces the words out between his teeth, James giving his arm another comforting squeeze. Sirius honestly thinks James might be the only reason he isn’t completely losing it right now.

She makes a disapproving noise on the other end of the line. “You know Regulus. He’s always been…fragile. I was hoping he would be able to step up without you around but, unfortunately, that doesn’t seem to be the case.”

“Fragile?”

“Yes, well,” and there it is, he thinks, right there, just the smallest crack in her voice. The tightening of her words. The betrayal of some deeper feeling. “He isn’t eating. And…he’s been…hurting himself.”

Sirius squeezes his eyes shut. No, no, no. “He’s okay though?” he manages after several seconds of silence, voice cracking. Oh Regulus, oh love, oh brother, brother, brother. I was made to keep you warm. I was made to keep you warm. I was made to keep you.

There is a long, painful, moment before his mother speaks again. “He’s in the hospital.” Which isn’t an answer, and is, all at the same time.

“Okay,” Sirius says, clearing his throat, shaking his head. Or maybe he’s just shaking. “Okay, I’m coming down. I’ll—I’ll drive down tonight,” he looks at James, who’s only been hearing one side of this conversation and therefore can’t possibly understand what’s going on and yet he nods his head anyway. Without hesitation. Oh brother, brother, brother. 

“Don’t be silly.”

“Mom—“

“Are you a doctor, Sirius?”

His jaw clicks. “No.”

“No,” she repeats, satisfied. “You can’t help him, you’ll only be a distraction. He’s going into a program, it’s supposed to be one of the best in the country. The last thing he needs is you storming in here and making it all more confusing.”

“I—“

“You want to come down for yourself,” she cuts him off, voice sharp. “But I’m telling you, if you care about what’s best for your brother you’ll stay away,” and then, because she can’t help herself: “It shouldn’t be hard, you’ve been doing it for the last five years.”

“Mom,” desperate, pleading.

“I have to go,” she says. “I’ll let you know if anything changes.”

“Mom—“

“Goodbye Sirius.”

The line has barely gone dead before James has him in his arms.

 

 

Present Day

 

Sirius and Regulus don’t talk much on the way to his apartment. James isn’t there when they arrive, thank god, because Sirius has no idea how he would handle that. Remus is, of course, sitting on the couch. He nods at Regulus who barely acknowledges him, Sirius shuffling his brother towards his bedroom. The second the door is closed behind them the bags are sliding off of Regulus’s shoulders and he’s crawling into bed. For a moment Sirius just stands there. Wanting to do something. To say something. But the sight of Regulus curled up on his side, once again hiding beneath the blankets, makes him think this might not be the right time.

“Let me know if you need anything okay?” he says finally.

Regulus nods. “Okay.”

Sirius still lingers by the door for a few more seconds, unwilling to leave but not knowing how to stay. Watching Regulus lie there, buried, hurting. Oh, brother, brother, brother. Eventually, he forces himself out of the room, closing the door carefully behind him. He should go into the living room. Should go to Remus. But the bathroom is on the way, and somehow he finds himself in there instead, hands braced on either side of the sink as he tries to breathe, nails digging into the porcelain. It’s his fault. This is his fault. It was always his fault. He could have called more. Could have visited more. Could have not listened to their goddamn mother.

“Fuck,” he hisses, head hanging between his arms. He can feel the guilt growing on his skin. Like mold. Like grease. He wants to get it off. Wants to scrub it away. Feels like maybe he can.

“You’re not coming out until I say you’re clean, do you understand?”

His hand reaches for the tap—

“Sirius?” there’s a light knock on the door. “You okay?”

He grits his teeth, hand freezing. Every part of him wants to open the door and tell Remus he’s fine. Fine. Fine. Fine. Wants him to go away. Wants to make sure he is alone so he can rid himself of this feeling. This dirty, horrible feeling.

“Sirius?”

He closes his eyes, exhaling before he reaches over and unlocks the door. Out of the corner of his eye he watches as Remus comes into the room, closing the door behind him and standing beside Sirius whose hands are back on the sink. He should straighten up. Should let go. Feels the scratching fear of being caught gnawing at his chest.

Okay? Remus asks eventually.

There is something…fitting, it feels like, about the fact that Sirius needs his hands to respond. That talking to Remus gives them something to do other than bleed. It still takes him several seconds to peel them off of the sink again.

No.

Remus just nods, watching Sirius struggle, watching him fight the urge to turn the tap on, to make the water scalding hot, to scrub the skin off his bones. So he can start again. So he can free himself from this. So he can finally be clean, clean, clean.

“You’re not coming out until I say you’re clean, do you understand?”

You would think having an audience would make a difference. And it does make a difference. Just not as much as it should, as he wishes it did. The part of him that wants this feels so out of his control, like an itch. A hiccup. A sneeze. Something you can’t help but scratch. Remus being here should be enough to make him act normal and he hates that it isn’t. Hates that he can feel embarrassed and pathetic and still not stop.

Finally, when he can’t stand it anymore, can’t make himself let it go, Sirius reaches for the tap. He turns on the water. He starts scrubbing. The relief is instant. The shame not far behind. Several moments pass, everything fuzzy. He feels more naked than he ever has before, with Remus just standing there, watching him. This is his confession. Forgive me father.

“He’s killing himself,” Sirius forces himself to look at Remus, so that the other boy will be able to see his mouth. See his lips form the words. So that he’ll understand. Scrub, scrub, scrub. “In the slowest most painful way possible he’s killing himself.” His voice cracks, and he’s glad that Remus can’t hear it. Not that it matters, the other boy’s face already lined with pity. “And I don’t know how to convince him not to,” the truth. The horrible truth. Scrub, scrub, scrub.

“You’re not coming out until I say you’re clean, do you understand?”

Sirius remembers being younger. Remembers stealing the food off his brother’s plate. Remembers throwing his school lunches out before their mother could find them rotting in his bag. It was second nature. Instinct. He didn’t even have to think about it. He just knew that he had to stand between his mother and Regulus. It wasn’t until later, right around the time that he left, that he started to feel scared. Scared that something was wrong. Something bigger than their mother. Something that he couldn’t protect Regulus from.

“Sirius?” Remus has moved now, leaning against the wall in front of Sirius, trying to catch his eye. “Sirius, what are you doing?”

His skin is red, irritated, especially around the knuckles, steam floating up from the sink. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts so fucking good. So fucking right. So fucking much. The buzzing in his head, in his chest, quieting, washing down the drain.

“Sirius?”

“I left him.”

The water fills the silence that follows. Sirius isn’t sure if Remus has understood him, his head might have been down.

“I left him,” he repeats. “I knew something was wrong and—“

“You were thirteen Sirius, cut yourself some slack,” Remus interrupts. “This is not about you.”

But Remus doesn’t understand. Sirius runs over his hands from wrist to fingertips. Drags his nails along the skin. Watches the water sloughing off of him. Scrub, scrub, scrub.

“He’s been here for months and I just…” shaking his head, he can feel Remus squinting, trying to follow. “She’s right, you know?”

Another pause.

“Who’s right?”

“My mother,” he laughs a little. Scrub, scrub, scrub. “I don’t give a shit about anyone but myself.”

“Sirius—“

“That’s why I don’t go home, why I didn’t push Regulus last semester, why I fucking kissed you at that party,” his skin burns beneath his fingers. He thinks he can feel it starting to wear. Slow. Painful. Rubbing away.

“Sirius—“

“It’s my fault,” he doesn’t even really know what he’s talking about anymore. Scrub, scrub, scrub. “I wasn’t good enough. I’m never good enough. I keep messing everything up.”

“You’re not coming out until I say you’re clean, do you understand?”

Blood now. Just a little. Tiny dots. The water just a bit pink. It hurts. It hurts. He can almost breathe again. He can almost—

“Sirius, stop!” Remus’s hand goes to the tap and Sirius’s follows, holding his wrist, stopping him. The other boy looks up, startled, and for a moment neither of them speak, Sirius breathing heavy, the water loud between them.

“I need a few more minutes,” he finally manages, drags the filthy words out into the light. Remus stares at him, eyes bouncing all around his face.

“A few more minutes?” he repeats, for clarification.

Sirius nods.

“But your hands, what—“

“I know. I know. But I—I just—it helps, okay? It helps. And I need help right now, so just. Give me a few more minutes.” He’s impressed by how calm he sounds, considering the frantic way his words had been spilling out of him only a minute ago.

Remus just keeps looking at him, eyes wide, confused. Sirius doesn’t know what he’s doing here, doesn’t know why he opened the door. Except that maybe he wanted Remus to see. To know. Maybe he just wanted to be honest. Even if it made him ugly.

“Sirius,” Remus says finally. “You’re hurting yourself.”

Sirius swallows down the bile crawling up the back of his throat. “I know.”

He thinks Remus might fight him. He hopes not. After several seconds Remus finally pulls away, and Sirius exhales, about to thank him when he sees Remus reaching for his phone.

“Moony?”

“I’m setting an alarm,” Remus says, showing him the screen. “Two minutes, okay? Two minutes and you stop.”

There’s a tiny prick of fear in his chest. That that isn’t enough. He needs more. But he forces himself to grab hold of it, to control it, and after several seconds he nods. “Okay,” he manages. “Okay, two minutes.”

He can’t look at Remus after that, hands back under the water, raw skin stinging fiercely. Sweetly. Knots in his chest loosening. He inhales, exhales. Scrub, scrub, scrub. He startles as a pair of warm arms slip around his waist, a chest pressing to his back, Remus’s chin hooking over his shoulder. Holding him. Which causes some sad pathetic noise to come out of his throat, wounded and raw. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh no. Oh fuck. He wasn’t expecting to be held. Yelled at maybe, told off, but not held. Not when he’s—when he’s—whatever this is. Not cool. Not charming. He knows why he’s attractive on the ice. Knows why people want him when he stands at the bar. He doesn’t know why anyone would want him right now. Why anyone would want him like this.

“You have so much good in you Sirius Black,” Remus says, holding him still closer. “I hope you know that.”

Oh oh oh ohohoho h o  h

                                         o  

                                             h

                                                     o

                                                               

                                                              h

                

Remus’s phone goes off and he removes himself from Sirius’s back, leaving Sirius feeling fragile. Hollowed out. This time, when Remus reaches for the tap, Sirius lets him. Lets him shuffle him over to the toilet, sitting him down on the closed lid as he pulls the first-aid stuff from the cupboard under the sink.

It’s fine, they’ll heal on their own, Sirius tries to say, but Remus doesn’t listen, kneeling between his thighs on the bathroom floor and gently taking Sirius’s hands. He’s silent as he runs the alcohol wipes over them, the sting a welcomed distraction for Sirius, who is feeling a little floaty right now. In need of something to ground him. Remus carefully wraps bandages around each hand, and when he’s done he brings them to his mouth, delicately kissing Sirius’s knuckles.

James said you made him make promises, Remus signs finally, and Sirius can’t help but recoil. Is this what he meant? nodding towards the sink. That you made him promise not to tell anyone that you hurt yourself?

This whole conversation leaves a bad taste in Sirius’s mouth, makes him squirm. He doesn’t like how it looks, laid out so plainly like that. The truth so unavoidable. Embarrassing and sad. 

Yes, he manages eventually.

Remus just nods, and Sirius waits for more but there doesn’t seem to be any. He isn’t sure if he’s supposed to say something now? Isn’t sure what that something would even be. But before he can figure it out Remus folds forward, arms wrapping around Sirius’s middle, face burying itself in his stomach.

“Woah,” Sirius says, surprised, and then, more softly, “Hey,” even though Remus won’t be able to hear. He places a gentle hand on Remus’s head, running his fingers through his hair. Remus squeezes him tighter, there’s something desperate about it that makes Sirius’s chest ache. 

“I don’t want you to be in pain,” Remus says finally, voice torn up.

Such a simple statement. Devastatingly simple. Sirius feels his eyes flutter closed, struggling to inhale for a moment. Eventually, when he’s certain he has his breathing under control, he tugs lightly on the hair at the back of Remus’s head, getting him to sit up. He doesn’t miss the way Remus wipes at his eyes.

“Sorry,” Sirius says, because it’s the only word his brain seems capable of producing right now, but Remus only shakes his head.

“No, don’t be. I just—“ he gives Sirius a watery smile, reaching out and carefully taking one of his hands again. “I just love you so much, you know?”

Sirius feels his heart stutter. Oh, oh, oh.  He pulls his hand out of Remus’s grip and brings it up to hold the other boy’s face, thumb brushing his damp cheek. “Love, huh?” he says, voice choked.

Remus turns his head, kissing Sirius’s palm. “Don’t let it go to your head.”

Sirius laughs wetly, leaning down and kissing Remus properly. It’s a bit damp and a bit awkward, and also perfect. And also everything. When Sirius pulls away he brings his hands up:

I love you too, he signs.

Remus shakes his head. Fuck you, you’re just trying to make me cry again.

No, reaching out and wiping beneath Remus’s eyes. “No more crying.”

Remus smiles softly, but then his hands squeeze Sirius’s thighs, and suddenly his face is somber again. “You need to talk to someone about this, okay?”

Sirius grimaces. “It’s not that bad.”

“I’m sure Regulus says the same thing.”

Sirius wasn’t ready for that. Probably should have been, but. His hand goes to his chest, pressing down on his sternum like he can stop the ache in its tracks. “Shit Remus,” he manages eventually.

“Sorry,” he squeeze his legs again. “But you know I’m right.”

Sirius lets out a heavy breath, leaning back so he can stare at the ceiling. “I don’t want to.” Cowardly, to say it when he knows Remus can’t see. He laughs to himself, and Remus must be able to tell because he tugs on his pants, pulling Sirius’s head back down to face him. He arches his brow at Sirius who swipes a hand over his face.

You know what the fucked-up thing is?

Tell me.

He smiles ruefully. I don't want to prove her right, and when Remus gives him a quizzical look: Prove to her that I’m weak. Or that she got to me. Broke me. I don’t know, shaking his head. Somehow…getting help…it feels like losing.

Remus nods slowly, before: You know it isn’t though, right?

He doesn’t really answer, eyes trailing off along with his thoughts. Regulus doesn’t want to go back to the hospital. He’s terrified, looking at Remus. I won’t make him do that.

Understandable, Remus says. But there’s got to be an in between doesn’t there? Between hospitalization and nothing?

Sirius swallows with some difficulty. “Yeah,” he manages finally. Probably.

So we’ll find it, Remus is so confident they can that something warm starts to spread through Sirius’s chest. Because you can’t carry this all on your own Sirius. Expression sober, and Sirius has the distinct urge to smooth out his frown lines. To make him smile. Neither of you can. It’s killing you. It’s killing both of you.

 

 

Part II Regulus

He's not actually sure if he falls asleep. Time gets fuzzy, his eyes going out of focus. He can hear creaking footsteps outside the door, he’s pretty sure Sirius comes in at some point, moving quietly around the room, Regulus doesn’t know why. His brother places a steady hand on his head for a moment, and then he’s gone. Regulus isn’t entirely sure of the time or the day. Isn’t sure why he sits up when he does, scrubbing at his eyes, still in the same clothes he showed up in. He feels stale and tired. But there’s definitely light coming through the window, so he forces himself out of bed, avoiding the mirror on the back of Sirius’s door as he slips into the hallway.

He stops at the bathroom, splashing some water on his face and rinsing out his mouth before continuing on into the kitchen. He freezes in the doorway at the sight of Remus sitting at the table, coffee mug beside him, laptop open. He isn’t sure why it’s startling, Remus lives here after all, but then, Regulus has always found people in general to be a little unsettling. He passes his weight back and forth between his feet, still standing in the doorway, not sure if he should announce his presence or not. Remus doesn’t seem to see him, and he definitely doesn’t hear him, is it rude to just to walk in? The thing is, Regulus doesn’t know how to get his attention—it’s not like he can clear his throat or say good morning. And waving his hands around like an idiot does not sound like a remotely appealing prospect. He argues with himself for far too long before eventually giving up on manners and just walking in. He opens cabinets until he finds the glasses, going over to the tap and getting some water.

“Good morning.”

Regulus chokes, once again needlessly startled by Remus’s presence. He turns back to face him, wiping the water off of his chin. Nothing can be done for his shirt.

“Sorry,” Remus says, eyes running him over. “Didn’t mean to scare you.”

It takes Regulus a few seconds to coax his own voice out of his throat. “Is it?” he asks, causing Remus’s brow to furrow.

“Is it?” he repeats, and when Regulus nods: “Is it what?”

“Er—morning?” his voice is all rough and croaky, probably from the crying, luckily, Remus can’t hear it.

It takes the other boy a moment before he’s nodding. “Yeah, it is. You slept all night.”

If you say so, Regulus thinks, still not convinced. “Sirius?”

“Class,” Remus replies. “He had a quiz this morning he couldn’t get out of, but he’ll be back soon,” and then, nodding his head towards the counter. “He made you breakfast.”

Regulus blinks, turning to see three Tupperware containers neatly staked on top of each other by the fridge. Everything kept separate. Contained. Sealed. Clean. Regulus walks towards them, picking them up—boiled eggs, grapes, apple slices. Regulus’s throat feels uncomfortably tight, and he grips the container he’s holding tighter than he probably should. He has the intense desire to take them all and hide in Sirius’s room again. Something about this feeling weirdly vulnerable.

“Sit,” Remus says, before he can get too carried away with that idea. “Do you want some coffee? Or tea?”

Regulus clears his throat. “No, I—“ but then, realizing he’s facing away from Remus, forces himself to turn around, the other boy watching him expectantly. “I’m good with water, thanks.”

Remus nods, going to fill up his own mug as Regulus shuffles towards the table. He carefully sets the food down, laying it out in front of him, he still feels a little shaky looking at it. Thinking about Sirius making it for him. Guilt. Shame. Love. Love, love, love. His chest feels tangled up.

Remus slides him a knife and fork as he takes the seat across from him again. Regulus gives him a tense smile. “Thanks.”

The other boy only nods, turning back to his computer. Regulus is grateful. He hates being watched when he eats. Yet another torturous part of being in the hospital. It’s slow going, but he does manages to get most of the food down. Cutting the eggs up small. Eating the grapes one at a time. Drinking water whenever it starts to feel too much. Too heavy. Too sticky. Too much, too much, too much. The water is clean. And fresh. It helps.

Eventually, he stacks the containers up, taking them to the sink. Finding the sponge and soap and starting to scrub.

“You don’t have to do that,” Remus says.

But Regulus only shakes his head. He wants to. Needs to not…look at them. He scrubs the insides, places them carefully in the drying rack beside him. When he finishes, wiping his hands on his jeans and turning around, he finds Remus watching him. Once again the urge to run and hide in Sirius’s room rears its head, but for whatever reason, he doesn’t.

“Is he mad?” Regulus manages, finally.

Remus arches his brow. “Mad?" he asks. “Sirius?”

Regulus nods. It takes a moment, but eventually the other boy shakes his head. “No,” and then: “I think he’s just scared, honestly.”

That’s almost worse, in Regulus’s opinion. “Sorry,” and when Remus gives him a questioning look; “For…you know,” he waves his hand vaguely in the air. “All of this. And also for…invading your apartment.”

“You don’t have to apologize.”

Regulus huffs, pulling a bit on his shirt, looking away and then back at Remus. He feels so fundamentally uncomfortable. Like being in his skin is unbearable. He just wants to crawl out of it. “Not fair to you though, is it?” he manages finally. “I’m not your brother, you didn’t sign up for this,” Neither did Sirius, but Regulus can’t think about that right now. “Hell, you don’t even like me.”

Remus is slow to respond. Regulus can’t tell if that’s because he’s having trouble figuring out what Regulus said or if he just doesn’t have anything to say in response. Regulus should probably be trying to talk slower. He just keeps forgetting.

“Sorry,” he blurts out finally, when the silence stretches on for too long. Though considering how antsy he is, it was probably only a few seconds in reality. “Forget it,” he starts moving towards the hall when Remus calls him back. His feet stutter, nearly out of the room. He could keep going. Could. But he’s not quite that much of an asshole. Slowly, he turns around, finding Remus’s expression still lined with curiosity.

“I don’t dislike you Regulus,” he says finally, and Regulus must make a face because the other boy laughs. “I don’t. I don’t know you. I—listen,” he sighs, running a hand through his hair. “I was maybe a bit…harsh, the other day. In the library. I didn’t quite…have all the facts.”

Regulus shakes his head. “No, you were right. What you said, you were right. I came here not knowing what I wanted from Sirius, and I ended up dicking him around because of it. It wasn’t fair.”

Remus wobbles his head from side-to-side. “I don’t think he knew what he wanted from you either, honestly,” rueful smile in the corner of his mouth. “Communication isn’t exactly either of your strong suits.”

“No,” Regulus huffs. “No, not really.” He kicks at the floor, hands shoved in his pockets, and then out of his pockets, and then in them again. “Do you think he knows now?” He finally asks. Feeling so fucking stupid, but not quite able to stop himself. “What he wants from me, I mean?”

Remus looks at him for a long moment, hands cupping the mug in front of him. “You’ll have to ask him that,” Regulus is nodding, ready to make a hasty exit after his embarrassing question when—“But mostly?” Remus goes on thoughtfully. “I think he just wants to the chance to be there, y’know? Just wants you to let him.”

Regulus swallows with some difficulty. “Oh.” Such a simple request. And yet it’ll kill Regulus to let him. Not that it wasn’t killing him to push him away. “Thanks,” he says finally, because he’s not sure what else there is to say.

He doesn’t linger in the kitchen much longer.

 

 

It’s painful, but Regulus does email his professors. Tries to explain things. Asks for extensions. He isn’t sure they’ll understand, isn’t sure they’ll care, but he figures it’s worth a shot. At least now he can say he tried. He messages Evan to let him know where he is so he won’t freak out. Of course doing that requires looking at his phone. He has one missed call from James and one text. He reads it about a dozen times before his phone runs out of batteries and he doesn’t bother plugging it in.

 

James

i’m sorry. call me when u can k?

 

He isn’t sure if he’s angry at James. Maybe. It’s a bit difficult to sort out his feelings at the moment. The idea of facing him still makes his skin crawl though. Still makes him want to run and hide. He’s embarrassed himself so fully he’s not sure how he can ever look the other boy in the eyes again.

Regulus starts when the door opens. He's sitting on Sirius’s bed, in boxers and one of Sirius’s hockey camp t-shirts. It’s too big and there’s no real reason for him to be wearing it—he did bring several changes of clothes—but he’s always liked stealing Sirius’s. Something about it feels familiar. Comforting.

“Hey,” Sirius smiles. “You’re awake.”

“Unfortunately.”

Sirius barks out a laugh, dropping his bag beside his desk before leaning against it, facing Regulus. “How’re you feeling?”

Regulus gives him a look.

“That good, huh?”

He sighs, closing his laptop and scrubbing at his face. “I’m fine.”

“Mmm convincing.”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “I—y’know. I’m just…” he shrugs, helplessly. Truth is, he doesn’t know what he is. He decides to change the subject. “Sorry for kicking you out of your room.”

“Don’t worry about it.”

But Regulus shakes his head, because really, it’s bad enough he’s here, he doesn’t need to rob Sirius of his own bed. “I can sleep on the couch from now on,”  he’s surprised Sirius even fit on the couch in the first place.

His brother gives him a weird look, and then, after several seconds: “I didn’t sleep on the couch.”

Regulus squints up at him. “What? Do you have like an air mattress or something?”

Sirius actually laughs a little. “No,” and then, after a slightly unnatural pause: “I slept in Remus’s room.”

“Oh,” Regulus blinks. “I guess…that makes sense.” Sirius is laughing again and Regulus has no idea why.

“Reg?” his brother nudges his foot with his own.

“Yeah?”

Sirius gives him a look, eyebrows raised, it’s the kind of look that says get it? But Regulus does not get it. He rarely does. Sirius seems to figure that out, because he sighs, still smiling, just in the corner of his mouth. “We’re together.”

Regulus just looks at him. “What?”

“Me and Remus, we’re…yeah, we’re together,” he’s smiling like a fucking idiot, and Regulus would make fun of him except that his brain is currently struggling to process this information.

“What?” he repeats. And then: “But you—you aren’t—and you—cause—what about hockey?”

Sirius arches his brow. “What about hockey?”

“You know what about hockey! You’re going to the NHL! You can’t—“

“Watch me,” there is danger in his voice, enough that it makes Regulus’s mouth snap shut. He's being reckless. Reckless and naive. But then, that’s Sirius for you.

“Okay well…that’s…I mean, do what you want I guess.” The you always do goes unsaid.  

Sirius gives him a look. “Really?”

“What do you want me to say? I think it’s—it’s dangerous.”

“You sound like Fleamont.”

“I sound like—“ Regulus cuts himself off. “Fleamont?” he repeats. “James’s dad?” he can’t quite explain the anxiety suddenly clawing at his throat. “What do you mean?”

Sirius’s eyes widen, surprised, which does not make Regulus feel any better. “He didn’t tell you?”

“Tell me what?” and when Sirius doesn’t answer him immediately he repeats in a slightly more panicked tone: “Tell me what Sirius?”

“He—“ but Sirius doesn’t seem quite so sure of his footing now, exhaling deeply and running a hand through his hair. Regulus can’t read his expression, there’s too much in it. Too many things for him to pull apart. “He came out to his parents, at Christmas. I figured you’d…that you’d know.”

Regulus feels all kinds of twisted up, and disoriented, his mind going a thousand miles a minute but not getting anywhere. “No,” he manages finally, voice not quite making it out of his mouth.

“It didn’t exactly go well.”

“Oh.” Fuck, fuck, fuck. He drops his face into his hands, trying to breathe. Trying not to picture himself standing in front of his own parents. Of the silence that came after, so heavy he was certain it would crush him. Trying not to picture James in his place. “I didn’t ask him to do that.”

“No, I didn’t think you did,” and then, with something like fondness in his voice: “James doesn’t…he doesn’t hide stuff. Especially not from his parents. He’s not…like us.”

No, he isn’t. Regulus has the distinct image of James, standing at the door to his dorm, telling Regulus he was right. Telling Regulus that he wasn’t going to come out. He grimaces into his palms. The last thing he ever wanted was to hurt James. Was to drag him into all his bullshit.

“Reg?” It takes him a second, but eventually he drops his hands, sitting back up to look at his brother. “What is it…” Sirius seems to be struggling to find his words. “What is it that has you so scared of this?”

“This?” his head is feeling a little fuzzy right now.

“Being—whatever you are—you always seem half-way in the closet. What’s…why?”

Regulus opens and closes his mouth. Not entirely sure what to say. It’s not a simple answer. After several seconds he blows out a breath, passing a hand over his face. “I guess it just…just felt like another way I was failing.”

 “Failing?” Sirius repeats. “At what?”

Regulus shrugs. “At—I don’t know, at everything? Like it was another way that I just wasn’t quite right. Defective.”

“Reg—“

But Regulus cuts him off with an exhausted laugh. “Another way I was failing to live-up to you. Which is ironic now, I guess.”

“What?” Sirius demands, seeming genuinely baffled. “What do you mean, failing to live up to me?”

Regulus isn’t sure how to explain it to him if he doesn’t already know. If he can’t already see it. “You’re perfect,” he finally manages, which does nothing to erase the confusion from Sirius’s expression. “You’re cool and charming, you get good grades without trying, you’re gonna be a professional athlete, you have friends and girlfriends, and nothing ever affects you.” He pulls at the fabric of his pants, the sleeves of his shirt, always aware of Sirius’s gaze trained intently on him. “You were—“ his voice cracks. “You were everything they wanted, you know? And you were gonna run the company and get married and have kids and then you left and—and all they had was me.” He shakes his head. “I can’t talk to people, I don’t understand them, I can’t handle the pressure of being fucking alive let alone being in charge of anything and then—and then this. Being,” it’s harder than it should be, “gay, it just felt like another way I was letting them down. So if I could—if I could not do that then. I don’t know,” he wipes as his face, trying to clear the emotion out of his throat.

He can’t look at Sirius right now, he feels too small, too pathetic. He looks instead at the floor. At the corner of Sirius’s backpack. At his socks. Tries to forget all the words he just let escape from his mouth. The longer the silence stretches on the heavier it feels, the more it pinches and picks and scrapes against his skin.

Eventually, the mattress sinks next to him, which is the first moment Regulus realizes Sirius has moved. He looks up instinctually, and finds Sirius taking the bandages off his hands. Bandages Regulus hadn’t even noticed.

“Shit,” he hisses, staring at the red, blistered skin across Sirius’s knuckles. “You get into a fight during practice?”

Sirius lets out a breath that might be a laugh, Regulus can’t tell. “Nah, I—“ his older brother has to clear his throat. “I did this, I—when I get upset or stressed, I—“ his mouth pulls to the side, twitchy, uncomfortable, it’s an odd look on Sirius. Sirius who is always so sure. Always so cocky. “I wash my hands. And I can’t like, I can’t stop. For a long time.”

Regulus has no idea what to do with that information, it doesn’t fit with anything he knows about his brother. Anything he’s ever seen. His eyes unable to look away from the hands in Sirius’s lap.

“That’s—“ but his voice gives up and Sirius laughs, humourlessly.

“Nutso right? Certifiable,” he looks over at Regulus, eyes sincere. “Things affect me Regulus. That house, mom, life? It affects me. I’m not perfect. I’m not even fucking close. Alright?”

It really is hard to explain how earth shattering that is. How the rules that make up Regulus’s world are bending and twisting and reforming around him. Sirius has always been so…untouchable. Regulus would never admit it, never actually say the words out loud, but Sirius has always been his hero. So to see him as anything but strong. But in control. It’s…disorienting. And good too maybe. Mostly. Somehow it makes him feel less far away. Time passes but Regulus has no idea how to explain any of that, how articulate the thoughts in his head. Eventually, he manages to nod, which is apparently enough for Sirius.

“Okay,” he says, before reaching for his backpack and pulling out his laptop. “I did some research last night,” computer resting on his knees as he pulls a website up on the screen, turning it towards Regulus. “They’re supposed to be pretty good, and they have someone who specializes in food issues,” it’s a therapy office, Regulus realizes, pulse speeding up a little. “They’re close by too, fifteen minute walk from campus easy.”

He isn’t sure why he’s panicking exactly. But he is. Fear digging its nails into the inside of his skin. Sirius pulls out his phone, typing in the number on the website before holding it out to Regulus expectantly. Regulus doesn’t move. Not a muscle. Like he’s trying to disappear. Playing dead. I can’t, I can’t, I can’t, his thoughts start chanting. 

“It’s not a hospital Reg,” Sirius says, after several tense seconds. “You won’t have to leave school, you can live here, but you need—you need someone you can talk to. And you need to get back on your meds, okay?”

It’s not that he can’t hear the reason in those statements. It’s not that he doesn’t understand that Sirius is right. Probably. Most likely. It’s just that—I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.

Sirius sighs, hitting the call button before pulling the phone away from Regulus and bringing it up to his ear. Regulus has the intense desire to run. To rip the phone out of his hands and launch it across the room. I cant, I can’t, I can’t.

“Hi, yeah, I was just wondering if you guys were accepting new clients right now?”

“Sirius,” Regulus’s voice is gravel, he’s begging. Can we do this tomorrow? He wants to ask. Or next week? In a month? I need more time to—to—to

“Great. Yeah, trial run sounds good. Uh-huh. Sure,” he looks at Regulus, and there is something in his eyes, something meaningful. “My name is Sirius Black.”

Which is when Regulus realizes. That Sirius isn’t calling for him. He’s calling for himself. He sits there and listens as his brother gives the woman on the phone his information. Listens as he sets the date for his first session. Listens as he says goodbye. When Sirius lowers the phone from his ear he gives Regulus a shaky smile.

“See?” he says, exhaling like he's been holding his breath. “Not so scary, huh?” and then he holds the phone out to Regulus again. “Your turn.”

I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.

He doesn't trust them is the thing. Any of them. Doesn’t trust their exams, or their notes, or their questions, or their degrees. He doesn’t believe they care about him. That they can help him.

I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.

He doesn’t trust them. But he trusts Sirius. Regulus takes a deep breath, shaking on the exhale as he looks at his brother. His hero. Imperfect. Human. And then he takes the phone.

 

 

Part III James

The thing is, James really isn’t very good on his own. He’s at his best when he’s around people. When he’s making them laugh, when he’s doing them a favour, taking care of them. He’s absolute shit on his own, actually.

He knows that he needs to stay away.

That he needs to give Sirius and Regulus space to work things out.

It’s just that it’s killing him to do it.

He gets a surprising amount of school work done. Tries to fill his head with so many words he can’t think about anything else. It doesn’t work. So he goes to the gym. Some of the guys from the team are there, which helps. He talks to them. He gets on the bike. He talks. He lifts weights. He talks. He runs on the treadmill. He goes and goes until he starts to see dots in his vision and he has to hit the showers.

When he gets home his room feels ridiculously big. And empty. And lonely. He messages Pete but he’s busy studying for an exam. He messages Remus and instantly feels guilty.

 

Remus

they’re okay

 

He replies in a timely fashion.

 

Remus

i think they just need time you know?

to sort things out

sirius will call you

 

Right. Right. Rightrightrightrightrightrightrightrightrightrightrighttttttttttttttttt

                                                                                                                            t

 

                                                                                                                         t

                                                                                                                                   t    

 

He tries to watch something on his laptop. Tries to sleep. He can’t manage either. Wakes up the next day simultaneously wired and exhausted. He goes to class. Goes to practice even though it’s optional today. Sirius isn’t there. Rosy is.

“Hey,” he skates beside James while they’re warming up. “Not to like, pry or anything but, is Reg okay? He texted me saying he’s staying at Sirius’s?”

James does his best not to show how much he’s fucking losing it. “Yeah, he just needed a bit of a break, you know?” because it’s not his place to tell Rosy more if Regulus hasn’t.

Rosy nods, eyeing James in a way that makes him feel like he is doing a terrible job of holding it together.

“But he’s okay?”

The last time he saw Regulus was the night he took him to the hospital. On the way back he’d barely spoken to James. Barely been able to look at him. A boy held together with glue and string. It had taken everything in James not to follow him to his room. Not to tuck him in.

“Yeah,” voice rough, eyes on the boys skating around them. “Sirius is taking care of him,” and oh how that hurts. That it couldn’t be him. That in the end it just couldn’t be him.

Rosy reaches out, squeezing his arm. “Are you okay?”

He almost laughs, it’s so obvious that Rosy is used to being the captain. Used to looking after his guys. It comes to him naturally. James does his best to smile, looking over at the other boy, not missing the worry in his eyes.

“Yeah, of course.”

He doesn’t think either of them believe that.

 

 

Back in his room, he paces. He watches his phone. He does more work. He paces. He goes to the gym again. No one is there this time, why would they be? They just had practice. But James is still too wired, still filled with these feelings that have nowhere to go. So he pushes himself until he can’t breathe. Until he feels like he’s going to be sick, until his legs shake.

He comes back to his room.

He tries to sleep.

He wakes up.

 

Remus

just a little more time k?

 

He wants to call them so bad. He wants to talk to them. They are two of the most important people in his life and he feels like he can’t breathe without them. He’s going mad. He needs them to know that he’s sorry. Needs them to know that he tried. Needs them to know that they are everything to him. Everything, everything, everything.

He stares at his phone, thumb hovering over Sirius’s contact. Since they were five. Sirius has always been there. Has always needed you, whispers another, crueller voice in the back of his mind. He’s always needed you and you liked that. You loved it. No. And now he doesn’t. No. Now no one needs you. 

He keeps staring at his phone, knee bouncing up and down. He doesn’t need you. Neither of them need you. Nobody needs you. He bites his lower lip so hard he’s surprised it doesn’t bleed. He texts Remus again, he doesn’t even know what, something stupid.

What’s up?

How are you?

Where are you?

Do you need me? Do you need me? Do you need me?

He presses the call button. Hands shaking as he holds the phone to his ear, listening to the dial tone. Ring, ring, ring. Ring, ring, ring. Ring, ring, ri—

“James?”

“Dad."

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    HELLO!!!!!!

    James, babe, darling, sweetheart, someone give that lil guy a hug! On the plus side, look at our Black brothers out here getting themselves some help 10/10

    next chapter is ****Bartemius**** ft alice and tom

    can't wait for those daddy issues and also mommy issues and also just general issues

    THANK YOU FOR READING LOVE YOU MUAH :)

Chapter 27
Summary:

    Bee

Notes:

    tw violence
    tw non-consensually shared nudes (i don't know if this is a cw or tw or any w but here we are) and also just generally implied non-consensual behaviour
    tw alcohol abuse and referenced painkiller abuse
    tw (i need to get better at distinguishing between cw and tw im so sorry) hazing

    i think that's it?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It’s still dark out when his alarm goes off. Barty pulls himself up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and grimacing. His knee hurts. But then, it always does. Eventually pain stops being an event and starts just being background noise. A new normal. He looks out the window, slowly waking up. He can’t see any stars, but the streetlights outside flicker and if you squint it’s almost the same.

This is why you don’t live in town, Evan says. On the farm we can see everything.

Barty rolls his eyes.

You know I’m right.

You can’t base where you live on whether or not you can see the stars, he answers back.

Why not? Evan asks. And Barty’s too tired to come up with an answer.

Eventually, he manages to actually get out of bed. Grabs a tennis ball and starts rolling out his muscles. It’s work not to make any noise because it feels like someone’s electrocuting his hamstrings. It takes a good thirty minutes of that before he can stand properly. Then he puts on his brace and goes for a run. His lungs burn, the air cold as he forces himself to inhale. Exhale. Like breathing-in a thousand tiny pins.

You’re crazy, you know that?

I’m an athlete.

Uh-huh. The university has a gym, a real fancy one, you could just run there.

Treadmills aren’t the same.

Like I said. Crazy.

He takes a handful of ibuprofen when he gets back home, mostly for the placebo effect, sticking his head under the running tap and gulping water to wash them down. He doesn’t imagine anything over the counter is doing much for him at this point. He hobbles back upstairs, showers, dresses. The sun is only just starting to come up now. He empties the dishwasher. Gets a skillet on the stove and starts scrambling eggs.

The door to his dad’s office is closed. He knocks but no one answers, not that he’s expecting him to. He finds his father asleep, forehead resting on his arms, dishes from dinner pushed off to the side. Barty picks those up, replacing them with his breakfast.

“Dad?” he says, nudging his shoulder gently. “Dad?”

His father blinks, and then, after a few seconds, sits up, scrubbing at his face. “Time?” in a groggy voice, not looking at Barty. There’s scruff on his face. Grey hair at his temples.

“Seven.”

His father nods. “You ready?”

“Yup.”

He starts to move but before he can, he feels his father’s hand wrap gently around his wrist, squeezing it. It’s only for a brief moment, and then the touch is gone, his father pulling the plate of eggs towards him and firing up his laptop so he can keep watching game tape or whatever other work he was doing when he fell asleep. It’s the closest his father ever gets to Thank you. Or I love you. Those words never leave his mouth, but every once and a while he’ll give Barty a little squeeze. Like he’s reminding himself that they’re both still here. If only barely. 

He once told Evan that his father was the only person he had. Which is really only half the truth. Because Barty is also the only person his father has.

 

 

A few days after his mother’s funeral all her pictures disappeared from the house. Barty came home from the rink and they were gone. He doesn’t know what his father did with them. Put them in a box? Threw them out? Set them on fire? He’s never asked. Barty didn’t need to be told not to talk about her. He just knew.

It was all about hockey after that. All his father would talk about. All he cared about. It’s not that he hadn’t been intense before, but, somehow this was different. Barty was supposed to go away for high school—Shattuk-St. Mary’s, in Minnesota. They have one of the best hockey programs in the world, NHL sized rinks, an impressive list of alumni. But then his mother died. And suddenly his father decided that Barty needed to stay at home. Needed to stay with him. Looking back, Barty probably should have been upset. But he hadn’t been. Hadn’t really cared.

And then they moved here. And then there was Evan. And then—

I don’t understand why you did it.

Barty grits his teeth, he hates this conversation, it never goes anywhere.

If you were just going to keep playing? If you were going to lose me anyway? Why bother?

He doesn’t like to think about it. Blocking that shot. Feeling his knee shatter. Lying on the ice.

“Hey, Crouch!”

Barty blinks, looking up from his skates. He could’ve sworn a second ago the locker room was empty. He always comes in early with his dad. He likes it better that way, getting dressed without everyone around. Not that he has a choice, of course. He doesn’t think Riddle is the one who yelled at him, but he is the one looking at him. Cocky smile hanging from the corner of his mouth, dead eyes set on Barty. He’s sitting in his stall like a king.

“Why don’t you do the honours, eh?” the older boy says, voice slippery. 

Barty just stares back, he can tell the other guys are looking at him too, waiting for some kind of response. He must have missed whatever conversation they were all having because he has no clue what’s going.

“What honours?” he asks flatly.

Riddle is still smirking. “Make our pet do a trick,” he gestures with his hand, which is when Barty sees the boy—seventeen? eighteen?—either way this is his first year on the team, that’s for sure. And currently he’s on all fours on the locker room floor, giving Barty a terrified look.

“A trick,” he repeats.

“Oh you know,” Riddle sits back, legs spread wide, completely at ease. He owns this room. Barty wishes that was just hubris but he thinks it might actually be true. “Sit, rollover, play dead,” a couple of the other boys snicker. “Real good at that one, aren’t you rookie?”

The kid just gulps. Barty thinks of him as a kid but the truth is, they’re the same age. Both rookies. No one would dare to put Barty on his knees, of course. Not even Riddle. 

“Surely you can come up with something on your own,” Barty says finally, returning to tying his skates. It’s not that he has any real moral objections to this shit. It’s just that he finds it unbelievably dull. And useless. Humiliating the younger players won’t help them win. If hazing involved more drills Barty thinks he might be a little more interested.

“Boos” rumble around the room. They’re playful, but it is impossible to miss the warning in them. The edge. The team, team, team. Locker rooms aren’t built for individual thoughts or feelings. You think like the boys and you talk like the boys and you laugh at what the boys laugh at. Team, team, team. It’s easier when you’re the captain, because then you’re the head, and the rest of them follow your lead. If Barty had been pissed about anything when they moved it was losing the C. He remembers watching Evan those first few weeks. Remembers thinking soft.

“C’mon superstar,” Riddle brings him back to the present. “He’ll do whatever you want, I swear,” nodding to the rookie again. His tone is light but his gaze isn’t. Barty and Riddle stare at one another across the room for longer than any normal people should.

Eventually, Barty shifts his gaze over to the rookie. Dressed in his spandex and pads. Still on his hands and knees. Crabbe, Barty thinks his name is. He spends most games on the bench so Barty hasn’t taken the time to get to know him. After a second he reaches down and picks up one of the running shoes from under his seat, holding it in the air.

“Fetch,” he says, with minimal enthusiasm, chucking the shoe towards the showers. The room irrupts in howls of laughter as the rookie awkwardly crawls across the floor after the shoe, face burning red. Barty looks back at Riddle and arches his brow: good enough for you? Riddle seems to understand, inclining his head ever so slightly. Maybe now they can actually focus on fucking hockey.

You could set an example.

That’s not really my thing.

Barty.

Evan.

They would listen to you. I bet half of them probably look-up to you.

You’re making the mistake of thinking I have anything nice to say.

I know that you’re better than that! Better than Riddle.

You always did have too much faith in me.

 

 

“Feeling any better?” Alice is standing over him, contorting his leg in some odd way as he lies on the examination table.

“It feels the same,” he answers dully. She makes an unimpressed noise.

“On a scale from 1 to 10, where’s your pain level?”

“Right now?”

“Generally.”

He sighs. “Eight.”

“Eight?”

“Yes.”

“That’s…not good.”

Barty almost smiles. “That your professional opinion?”

Alice does smile, she does it a lot, though this one is a little strained. “You know what my professional opinion is,” she says, letting go of his leg and walking over to her desk. Barty sits up, watching her.

“You think I shouldn’t play?”

She clicks something on her computer before turning back around, leaning on the desk behind her, arms crossed over her chest. “You needed to sit out the first two months of this season, at least.”

“Should we see if we can find a time machine?”

She rolls her eyes. He’s not exactly sure when they started talking like this. When talking to her became easier than talking to pretty well anyone else in his life. It was probably the necklace. Some stupid part of his brain suddenly connecting her to his mom. He could always talk to his mom.

“You’re doing permanent damage to yourself here Barty,” she goes on. He nods, because he knows that. But then, what hockey player isn’t doing permanent damage to themselves? At least it’s not his head.

“You tell the scouts how bad it is?” he asks, because he knows they’ve been sniffing around. The draft is coming up. He’s still eligible, would’ve been first overall last year. His father still hasn’t given up on that dream but Barty is fairly certain it’s a lost cause. He’s been playing well, but not as well as he used to. And besides, the last thing any team wants is a player that’s prone to injury. A liability. Still, he might go in the first round, maybe even top five.

“Do you want me to lie?” she counters.

“I just asked a question.”

His father will want her to lie. And he won’t ask. Barty’s not entirely sure what he will do. But he supposes they’ll cross that bridge when they come to it. He can’t imagine intimidation will work on Alice. She’s too stubborn for that. Barty kind of likes that about her.

She sighs, running a hand over her face. “I don’t know what I’ll tell them.”

Which surprises him, she strikes him as the type to always do the right thing. A quality Barty has never understood but always found distantly fascinating. “If you don’t want me to play, that’ll be your best chance of keeping me off the ice.”

She gives him a baleful look. “It’s not that I don’t want you to play ever. I just want you to maybe make it to twenty-five without having to get your knee replaced.”

He arches his brow. “You give me until twenty-five? That’s not bad.” He means it. Basically middle-aged for a hockey player. His dad might be okay with him retiring then. As long as he’s won the cup, that is. Maybe the olympics too.

“Barty, c’mon ,” exasperated. He just looks back at her, not sure what she wants him to say, which seems to only exaggerate her exasperation. “You can’t honestly want that?”

He doesn’t think he wants anything, strictly speaking.

Nah, I’m not buying it dude.

After several more seconds of silence Alice seems to give-up. “Fine, have it your way.”

Barty takes that as his cue to go, sliding off the examination table and putting his brace and shoes back on. “See you game day?”

Alice nods, typing something into her computer. “You’re still doing the exercises I showed you?”

“Every morning.”

“Good, keep that up. If your pain level is still the same next week we’ll look at trying something new, okay?”

“Sure.”

There’s a pause that stretches on just a bit too long, so Barty turns towards the door, ready to go, when Alice calls him back.

“Hey, how’re things in the locker room going?” it’s a question that tries and fails to sound casual. He looks at her, eyebrow arched. “What?” she demands defensively. “I’m just curious what the culture’s like. You know, the vibe.”

He continues to stare at her, but she doesn’t take the question back. “On a scale from one to ten?” he asks finally. 

That makes Alice laugh, he likes her laugh. It’s kind. “Sure. From one to ten.”

Funny, he hadn’t thought about it until this moment, and yet the answer comes to him right away. It feels oddly fitting. “An eight.”

Alice pauses, chewing on her bottom lip. “Is ten good or bad on this scale?”

Now Barty smiles, though there isn’t much joy in it. “I’ll see you around Alice.”

 

 

His father is waiting for him after class. He always is. Barty’s least favourite part of the day. He slides into the passenger seat, closes the door, and imagines reaching over and turning on the radio. Imagines his father asking him about his day. None of that happens, of course. They’re barely out of the parking lot when his father starts:

“You want to tell me what’s going on with your backhand? We worked on it last week.”

“I know.”

“You were slow out there too, not even close to where you should be. Where you’ll have to be when we head to the championships. Tomorrow I want you on the bikes. If you bulked up a bit we might be able to let your speed slip, but I can’t see that happening anytime soon.”

“Okay.”

“Now tell me about that backhand, what went wrong and how’re you going to fix it?”

When Barty was a kid—eight? nine?—his dad used to record his games. His practices. Like his own personal video coach. That way, on top of the car ride home, which was never pleasant no matter how well the game went, they could sit down in front of the TV when they got to the house and pick apart his game even more. He supposes he should be grateful his father has dropped the visual media portion of his parenting.

Or coaching.

Barty’s never entirely sure which is which.

 

 

He wakes up.

He stretches.

He runs.

He makes breakfast.

“You ready?”

“Yup”

 

 

I miss you Bee.

You don’t.

Are you sure?

 

 

Some of the guys are throwing balls of tape around the locker room. A bluetooth speaker blasting some shitty techno crap that’s making Barty want to commit war crimes. None of them are good enough to be this fucking stupid. This fucking carefree. And he’s trying to decide whether or not to tell them that, when Riddle sits down in the stall next to him.

“Good practice.”

Barty scoffs, grabbing his shirt and pulling it over his head, not really looking at Riddle. It was a mediocre practice at best. Which he expects Riddle knows but he likely doesn’t care. They’re good enough to get to the championships. After that all Riddle cares about is getting more points than Potter. Barty has never been happy with good enough. And neither has his father. 

“Listen,” Riddle leans into his space, unaware, or unbothered, by the cold shoulder Barty is currently trying to give him. “I’m having a party tomorrow after the game, to celebrate our win.”

Barty can’t help it. He turns to the other boy, hoping his expression communicates how fucking stupid that statement was. Meanwhile his right fist knocks on the wooden bench he’s sitting on. He’s not taking any chances with the universe. You won’t catch Barty Crouch mocking the gods. Apparently Riddle has no such reservations.

“Don’t look at me like that Crouch. There’s no way we’re losing to Hufflepuff.”

“Awfully confident.”

“Yes. I am.”

“Bad luck.”

Riddle actually laughs at that, there’s something vaguely cold about the noise. “I don’t need luck. I have talent.”

Riddle is a good player. Maybe one of the best in the NCAA. But that isn’t how this game works. Players don’t win series, teams do. His confidence is therefore misplaced, which makes Barty like him even less than he had before.

“As I was saying,” the other boy goes on. He isn’t wearing a shirt, and there’s the tattoo of a snake running from his shoulder down his chest. “I’m having a party tomorrow night, and you’re coming.”

Barty blinks, sorting through the words again, making sure he heard them correctly. And then, when he’s certain he hasn’t made a mistake: “No, I’m not.” He could probably have tried to make that sound less rude. Come up with some sort of excuse or something. But he doesn’t want to. Is happy to let Riddle know how little he enjoys his company.

“Not optional, whole team’s coming.” That doesn’t surprise Barty. Firstly, because no one in this room says “no” to Riddle. And Secondly, because it is one of the most closely knit groups of players Barty has ever seen. It isn’t clear whether or not they actually like each other, but it is clear that they rarely spend time apart. Team, team, team.

Barty gives his head a shake, finishing tying his shoe before he stands up. “Not interested, Riddle.” He grabs his bag.

“Starts at nine, I’ll text you my address,” Riddle goes on as though he hasn’t spoken, with the confidence of someone who always gets their way.

“You don’t have my number,” he states blankly, hoping the ‘and you won’t be getting it’ goes without saying.

But Riddle only grins. “I’m the captain. I have everyone’s number,” and with that he stands up too, stepping into Barty’s space. He’s a bit taller, a bit broader, not by much, but enough that Barty’s father has pointed it out. Pointed out how, if Barty looked more like Riddle, his game might improve. Regardless of the size difference Barty doesn’t flinch. Doesn’t back down. Doesn’t avert his eyes. He can tell everyone in the locker room is staring at them. After a few seconds Riddle claps him on the shoulder.

“See you there, superstar.”

Nails bite into Barty’s palms. He really hates that fucking nickname. He watches Riddle head back over towards his buddies, imagining smashing his head into the wall. Fucking it up bad enough that that stupid smirk would be permanently removed from his face.

You don’t mean that.

Pretty sure I do.

Come on Barty, just walk away.

I thought you wanted me to be a leader?

Not like this.

He wonders if he would be expelled? Kicked off the team, surely. He’s pretty sure even his father couldn’t get him out of trouble after beating the university’s star player to a pulp. The NHL definitely wouldn’t touch him.

You know, you could just leave? Quit? Drop out? Whatever it is you want to do. You don’t always have to go to DEFCON five.

One.

What?

It’s DEFCON one. DEFCON five is the least serious.

Huh, go figure.

“Oi, Crouch?”

Barty blinks, the noise and the motion of the locker room coming back into focus. Yaxley, a third line D-man, is staring at him, slightly confused look on his face.

“You good?” he asks. Which is when Barty realizes he’s just been standing in front of his stall staring at empty space.

He clears his throat. “Yeah. All good.”

The other boy nods, though he doesn’t look entirely convinced. Barty considers smiling to reassure him, but then decides that him smiling would likely not be particularly reassuring. So instead he grips the strap of his bag and pushes out of the room.

 

 

He isn’t entirely sure where it comes from—the anger that scratches at the inside of his skin. Itch. Itch. Itch. It’d be simple to blame it on his mother’s death, but the truth is, he thinks it was there before. A creature living in his chest, something with fangs and claws and scales for skin. He’s almost positive it’s the reason he’s so good at hockey. The only emotion he’s ever been in touch with. One moment he’ll feel nothing and the next the rage will be burning him up, ready to tear something to shreds. It doesn’t take much. Sometimes it doesn’t take anything at all. He thinks if he was a better person it would scare him. But it doesn’t. It should probably scare Riddle though.

 

 

He slides into the passenger seat beside his father. Fantasizes about turning on the radio.

“You’re lucky Lestrange pulled back his check today, what the hell were you thinking skating with your head down like that? That kind of mistake is unacceptable Barty, you know that. And speaking of things that are unacceptable, when we get home I want you to get the shooting pad out, that backhand is still looking weak. There’s a game tomorrow, we don’t have room for this kind of sloppy play.”

Barty leans his head against the cool glass of the car window, watching the trees go by as they drive through winding residential streets made up of big old houses, most of which have been turned into apartments for students. For a moment he thinks he sees two boys walking side-by-side on the sidewalk. One of them with a hockey bag thrown over his shoulder that isn’t his.

“Barty? Barty? Hey!”

He blinks, sitting up and looking over at his father. “Sorry.”

“What the hell is wrong with you today?”

He shakes his head. “Nothing,” and then, knowing that won’t be enough. “Just tired.”

His father makes an unimpressed noise, before launching back into his dissection of Barty’s performance in practice. 

 

 

He wakes up.

He stretches.

He runs.

He makes Breakfast.

“You ready?”

“Yup.”

 

 

Barty bites down on his tongue to keep from making any noise as Alice’s thumb presses into the tender muscles around his kneecap. Despite being able to remain silent she clearly still feels him react because she looks up.

“Okay?”

“Fine,” though his voice is irritatingly strained. Alice narrows her eyes, easing up on his muscles. “It’s fine,” Barty repeats stubbornly. “I can take it.”

“That’s not how this works.” It’s hard for him not to roll his eyes. “You shouldn’t be playing tonight.” They go over this almost every game day.

“I’ll be—“

“Fine, yeah, I got it.” She shakes her head, reaching for the athletic tape and starting to try and force his muscles back into the places they’re supposed to be. It’ll be okay once he gets the Toradol shot. Then he won’t be able to feel shit.

“Can I ask you a question?” she says after a few seconds.

“You usually do.”

He watches the corner of her mouth tick up. “Is this really what you want?”

“Having a broken knee? Not really,” actually, that might be a lie. He wishes it was a little more broken if he’s being completely honest.

She scoffs. “You know what I mean.”

“I don’t.”

She finishes with his knee, stepping back and letting him sit up. She’s giving him a look. Barty secretly thinks of it as her mom look. Like she's waiting for him to stop being a brat. Which, as his father would gladly tell her, is unlikely to happen.

He sighs. “I honestly don’t know what you mean.”

The look continues for a few more seconds before she seems satisfied that he’s actually being sincere. “I’ve seen people who love this sport. Who would die for this sport. But you? You just don’t…you don’t seem all that passionate about it?”

He thinks maybe he was at some point. Thinks maybe he loved it. He can’t really remember now though. Every once and while he’ll hear someone call hockey a game and it’ll take him aback. Games are unimportant. Games have low stakes. Games are fun. For most of his life hockey has felt like something very, very serious. Something people older and smarter and more powerful than him care a great deal about.

Eventually, he shrugs. “It’s what I do.”

“What you do?”

“There’s nothing else for me, really.” He’d thought maybe there could be, for a second, for a moment. When he’d made the decision to skate in front of that shot. But that had been stupid. Because Evan was temporary. Just like his mom. You can’t base your life around loving someone.

Why not?

Because you don’t know when they’re going to stop being there.

“Barty—“

“You gonna watch the game?” he interrupts, not interested in whatever heartfelt speech she’s about to give. He doesn’t need platitudes. Or sentimentality. He’s watched enough television shows. He knows all the lines.

She frowns at him, but nods anyway. “Of course.”

He slides off the examination table, ignoring the ache in his leg as he gets his stuff. “I’ll make sure to score for you then.”

“Barty—“

“Good-bye Alice.”

He lets the door close behind him on his way out.

 

 

Toradol really is magic. By the time he steps out on the ice he barely remembers he’s injured. He might not love the game the way other people do, but it’s still the place he feels the most at home. The most in control. And while he doesn’t trust Riddle off the ice, on the ice he’s always there. The pair of them moving the puck like it’s nothing. Out skating Hufflepuff without even trying.

When he scores his first goal he finds himself looking into the crowd, somehow managing to spot Alice. She’s standing, shouting. Barty taps two fingers to the top of his visor, giving her a salute, letting her know that was her goal. When his eyes come back to the ice he finds Riddle watching him, something slightly unnerving in his gaze, but before Barty can make sense of it they’re lining up for the face-off.

They win, just like Riddle predicted, with a final score of 5-1. Barty got a hat trick, and when he walks back into the locker room the boys come at him with their water bottles, dousing him in water to celebrate. It almost feels good.

“Hey Crouch!” one of the guys calls out when he starts heading for the door. “You coming to Tom’s tonight?”

Ah. Right. He’d forgotten.

He opens his mouth to respond when the unwelcome weight of an arm across his shoulders appears. “Of course he is,” Riddle answers for him. “Team event.”

Barty gives Riddle’s hand a flat look before shoving it off of his shoulder. “We’ll see,” he says, moving smoothly away.

“Nah, come on. You don’t wanna go getting a reputation for having a big head now do you, superstar?” Riddle asks, all sharp smiles. “Thinking that you’re better than the rest of us. Scouts won’t like that.”

Barty does actually think he’s better than most of the people in this room. Which isn’t big headedness as far as he’s concerned, it’s just true. He’s more talented. Smarter. Better looking. These are simply facts. Though none of them are the reason he doesn’t want to go to Riddle’s party. He doesn’t want to go to Riddle’s party because Riddle wants him to go. Because Riddle likes knowing that he has all his ducks in a row. All his boys in line. Everyone at this school does as he says. Except for Barty. And Barty likes that. Because. Well. Barty is a brat.

“My dad’s waiting for me so,” he says eventually, nodding to the other guys before pushing his way out the door.

 

 

Barty has a folder on his phone labeled “homework.” There are four photos in it total. He took two, Evan took the others. He should probably delete them. Phones aren’t exactly the most secure devices. The photos have probably been uploaded to the cloud or something. But every time he tells himself he’s going to, he chickens out. He’s not sure why he’s looking at them tonight. Why he gets home from the game, goes up to his room and pulls out his phone. Locking his bedroom door behind him like he’s doing something nefarious.

The first photo is them in Evan’s basement. Evan had put one of his hats on Barty’s head and it’s about two-sizes too-big, which of course Evan thought was hilarious. He’s standing next to Barty, whose eyes are covered by the brim of the cap, giving the phone a thumbs up. It’s a bit of a chaotic photo, Barty doesn’t think he even knew Evan was taking it.

The second and third photos are hockey related—the ones Barty took—both just of Evan. Taking practice shots in the driveway. He’d looked so good, Barty couldn’t help it. Couldn’t help but be impressed by the strength of him. The last photo in the folder is his favourite though. Evan has one arm draped across Barty’s chest, the other holding the phone, and he’s nuzzling at Barty’s temple. Looking back, Barty can’t believe he let Evan take it. He’s glad that he did though. Even if it was stupid. Reckless. He touches his chest right where Evan’s hand is in the photo. Pretends like he can feel the warmth. 

His phone buzzes and Barty curses, nearly dropping it off the bed. It’s an unknown number, but it doesn’t take a genius to figure out who it is.

 

14165379544

45 Palmerston blvd. apt. 2

 

and then

 

14165379544

show up. 

 

Barty glares at the message, before dropping his phone beside him and lying down on his bed. Staring up at the ceiling. He has no desire to go. None. Except that, well, it was a good game tonight, and some of the adrenaline is still fizzling through him. Or maybe that’s the Toradol. Plus, even he can recognize that it’s a bit sad, sitting here in his bed, staring at old photos on his phone. He frowns. Riddle will be insufferable if he gets his way. He’ll think he can tell Barty what to do just like he does with everyone else. Which he can’t. Obviously. But. 

He picks his phone up, opening it to the picture of Evan holding him. Evan who left. Evan who walked away. Evan who is going to get drafted this year and play in the NHL and not be able to have anything to do with Barty even if he wanted to. Which he clearly doesn’t. Evan who’s gone.

I’m not.

You are.

You could call. I’d answer. I always answer.

Not at Christmas.

No. Not at Christmas.

The door to his father’s office is already closed when he goes downstairs. He considers taking the car but Riddle’s place isn’t far and he has the reckless desire to get very, very drunk tonight. He waits outside the backdoor for a few minutes, listening, incase his father comes after him. But there’s no noise inside the house. No movement. So eventually he stuffs his hands in the pockets of his jacket and starts walking.

 

 

“Holy shit!”

He barely makes it in the door before he has hockey players all over him, laughing and sloshing their beers. Squeezing his shoulders. His arms. Ruffling his hair.

“Barty Crouch at a Party.”

“I’ve come out before,” he grumbles, not quite pushing them off.

“Uh-huh, sure, like once,” Yaxley says, taking a swig of his drink.

“Twice,” Barty corrects. He knows. He counted. Both times were miserable. He’s sure this will be the same, he has no idea why he’s here—it’s loud, and dark, and crowded. People are everywhere. Some he knows, a lot he doesn’t. At some point a drink is shoved into his hand—rum and coke by the smell of it. He maneuvers his way through the crowd, accepting back slaps and chirps from his teammates. He has no idea what song is playing, pop culture has never been his strong suit. He’s sure Evan would know.

“Crouch!” Riddle is sitting on a sofa, taking up too much space, as he seems to do everywhere he goes, surrounded by people. There’s a cup in his hand and yet for some reason Barty has a hard time believing he’s actually drinking. Riddle likes control too much. He’s sort of like Barty’s dad in that way. No doubt it’s why the pair get on so well.

Barty stops and looks at him but doesn’t say anything. He can tell it irks Riddle that he isn’t desperate for his approval. That he doesn’t laugh at his jokes or compliment his plays. It’s fun to wind him up just a bit. To be more of an asshole than he usually is. 

“Enjoying my party?” Riddle asks finally.

Barty shrugs, taking a sip of his drink, making Riddle wait. “Sure.” He can see the muscles twitch in the older boy’s face.

“You gotta loosen up superstar,” Barty’s jaw clenches, every time he uses that nickname his urge to punch Riddle grows. He’s noticed some of the other boys using it now too. Following their leader. “Get yourself laid maybe.” As he says it Riddle grabs the wrist of one of the girls standing near him, pulling her into his lap. She shrieks and laughs—drunk. It’s obvious from the way she’s not quite able to right herself without Riddle’s help. As she clings to him Riddle looks over at Barty and gives him a wink. Barty stares flatly back.

He needs another drink.

It’s very hot, the air thick, and Barty finds himself floating. He ends up stumbling on some of the guys playing beer pong. He’s good at beer pong because he practiced. A lot. Evan laughed at him when he told him that.

I don’t know why you’re laughing.

It’s supposed to be fun! 

Yeah? And? The fuck is fun about losing?

He plays a few rounds, receives a few congratulatory fist pumps after winning each one, and then continues on his way. Someone is throwing up in the bathtub, someone else in the toilet, and the bedroom door is shut. Barty doesn’t want to think about why. He’s hooked up at parties like this before. You kind of have to in a weird way. Let your boys see you. Smile and wink and high-five. Evan never liked it. Barty mostly just finds it inconvenient.

“—it’s the way they bounce.”

“You don’t have to convince me.”

“Yeah but—hey, hey Crouch?” some of his teammates have gathered around him, more talking in his vicinity than actually to him, but honestly, that’s generally how he prefers it. “Check these tits out, man.”

A phone is being shoved in his face before he even has time to process it, a girl with her top off blindingly bright on the screen. She’s pretty. Young. Smiling like she’s nervous.

“You know her?” he asks, as the phone is pulled away. 

“My girlfriend,” Avery says. “Hot right?” Barty just stares at him, wondering whether or not his girlfriend knows that her pictures are being passed around to all the guys on the hockey team. She might. It’s not the worst thing Barty has ever seen. Sometimes it’s the actual girlfriend being passed around. 

“Oh come on,” Avery pushes when Barty doesn’t answer. “There’s no way you don’t think she’s hot. It’s like, an objective fact.” Barty really has no idea how to answer that, he's not especially attracted to women in general. In the end he shrugs, thinking that’s the safest option, but apparently he’s wrong. Apparently Avery is very offended that Barty doesn’t immediately want to fuck his girlfriend. “Seriously?” the other boy demands. “What are you, queer?”

He is no more equipped to answer that question than any of the ones that came before it, but he doesn’t end up having to.

“This guy?” It’s Riddle again, back with his arm around Barty. He wishes he would stop doing that. “No way. He’s too busy boning the team PT.”

Barty feels his whole body go stiff.

“Fuck off, really?” Avery says excitedly, several of the other guys letting out whistles and whoops, and in the process drawing more eyes towards them. Or maybe they’re all just naturally drawn to Riddle. It certainly feels that way.

“No,” Barty says sternly, trying and failing to shrug Riddle off. He’s overly warm, a heavy weight at Barty’s side. He smells like sickly sweet liquor and perfume.

“Oh come on Crouch, no need to be shy here,” Barty meets Riddle’s stare, which is nowhere near as jovial as his tone. “You’re clearly fucking her.”

There’s laughing.  “Dude,” someone says.

“She’s hot,” Riddle goes on, squeezing Barty’s shoulder uncomfortably tight. “Hell, I’d fuck her. Maybe make her less of a bitch.”

“Amen,” someone high-fives. Barty doesn’t see who. They’re lucky.

“Riddle, I swear to god if you don’t shut the fuck up,” he sees Alice smiling, laughing, trying to take care of him for god knows what reason. Leaving the butterfly necklace for him. The one currently around his neck, burning into his skin.

“Oooh someone’s territorial,” Riddle laughs. “Must be some good pussy. You know she has a boyfriend, right?” there are some oohs and ahs from their studio audience, and Barty can feel the pressure building against his ribs. Claws, and fangs, and scales. “Guess our Alice is a little slut. But then again, her boyfriend is stuck in the minors so,” bringing his face closer to Barty’s. “Maybe she thought she’d level up.”

Barty shoves Riddle off of him and into the wall. He hits it with an audible thump, something getting knocked over in the process—a person? a picture? Barty isn’t sure. The small crowd around them goes quiet. Barty’s voice dangerous when he speaks, “You keep her name out of your fucking mouth or I will shove my skate blade so far up your ass you’ll cut your goddamn lip.”

Riddle does not seem remotely distressed by this turn of events, in fact, if anything, he looks pleased. “Alright man, whatever you say,” holding his arms up innocently. Barty can see it so clearly, what Riddle would look like with a broken nose. Missing teeth. Black eyes. It must be the years of hockey that makes it so easy to picture a bloody face.

Don’t do it Bee.

Why? He deserves it.

It won’t make a difference, won’t make him a better person. It’ll just get you in shit. Walk away, okay?

I want to fuck him up so bad he can’t breathe.

I know.

I want him to choke on his own fucking teeth.

I know.

I want to scoop out his eyes with my goddamn fingers.

Just walk away okay? Calm down. Breathe. This isn’t smart. And you’re smart Bee. You’re the smartest person I know.

You always did have too much faith in me.

His hands are shaking at his sides. He has no idea what he did with his drink. Finish it? Drop it? He’s heading for the door, he needs to get out of here. Needs some fresh air. Can feel basically every eye in the apartment on him. Not that that’s new. Barty is used to being watched. He’s been under a microscope since he was twelve years old.

“Is it the mom thing?” Riddle’s voice is loud and obnoxious, pulling Barty up short. He turns around slowly, finding the other boy standing in the middle of the room, hands in his pockets, cocky grin back on his face. “You know, with her being an older woman and all? Plus it’s basically her job to look after you, right?” he tilts his head to the side. “So is that it? You miss your dead mummy so much you decided to fuck her?”

Barty thinks he might briefly black out. Because one second he’s just inside the door and the next he’s on top of Riddle on the floor, driving his fist into his face. If Riddle thought that being an inch or two bigger than Barty was going to give him the advantage here he was sorely mistaken. He struggles beneath him, but Barty doesn’t let up, enjoying the slick, sticky feeling of blood on his knuckles. And the satisfying crunch of cartilage. 

“Dude, enough! Stop!”

“Yo he’s gonna fucking kill him!

“Will you guys help me get him off!?”

He is vaguely aware of the hands grabbing at his shirt. His arms. Trying to pull him away. Somehow he manages to shake them off, somehow he manages to stay on top of Riddle, who’s barely even fighting anymore. Fangs, and claws, and scales. It feels so fucking good. It burns so fucking hot. He wants to rip the skin off Riddle’s fucking skeleton. Wants to taste his blood in his mouth. Wants to listen to the noises he’s making on repeat for the rest of his life. The pathetic little stop, stop, STOP. All of the frustration and the anger and the bitterness that sits beneath Barty’s skin every day pouring out of him and into Riddle’s face.

Eventually two guys get their arms around his torso, pulling him onto his feet. There’s a lot of movement. Of yelling. And then Barty is being shoved towards the door.

“You need to get out of here buddy,” it’s Avery he thinks. Or maybe it’s Yaxley? “Go get some fucking water or something, Jesus Christ.” They’re yelling about ice in the background, as Barty stumbles into the hallway. Ice and towels. He can’t imagine that’ll do much for Riddle. Avery—because he can see that it’s Avery now—is standing in the doorway, looking at him nervously. “You gonna be okay?” he asks finally.

Barty’s ears are ringing, pulse going about a mile a minute. His hands ache. His knee aches. At the same time he’s pretty sure he could skate about a dozen laps around the rink right now.

“Oi? Crouch? Barty? Do I need to call someone to come get you?” Avery snaps his fingers, waking Barty up.

He blinks back at his teammate, before shaking his head. “No,” voice rough. He clears his throat and says, a bit more confidently, “Nah, I’m good.”

Avery nods and then, muttering under his breath: “Fuck man,” and with that the door closes.

 

 

Barty makes it to the front lawn of the apartment building before he needs to sit down. His head is swimming and he’s worried he’s going to pass out or throw-up. Maybe he drank more than he thought. He rests his elbows on his knees for a moment, face in his hands—which is a mistake, they’re still covered in blood. Riddle’s and his own. He tries to breathe. Waits for the regret to come, but it doesn’t. It never does. He thinks his conscience might be broken.

“You okay?”

Barty starts, looking up to find the rookie, Crabbe, standing a few feet away from him, near the tree on the lawn.

“Fuck, where did you come from?” Barty hisses. Crabbe has a round baby face and limbs he hasn’t quite grown into yet—an oversized kid. It’s hard to look at him without feeling like you need to go find his mother.

“Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you,” Crabbe shuffles his feet awkwardly. Barty’s not sure what it is exactly, but there’s something about the way he’s just standing there, in the middle of the lawn, that feels…off.  “I’m just…waiting to be let in,” Crabbe says finally.

Barty continues to stare at him, it’s dark, the details of the picture in front of him not quite clear. “To be let in?”

Crabbe gives him an embarrassed sort of smile before he reaches up and tugs at what Barty had thought was the collar of his shirt. But it isn’t. It’s a dog collar. A dog collar with a leash attached to the tree behind him.

“Are you shitting me?” Barty says, before he can stop himself. “They tied you up?”

Crabbe lets out a nervous laugh, scrubbing at the back of his neck. “Yeah, it’s—“ he doesn’t seem able to finish that sentence so he tries a new one: “They said it won’t be for the whole party though.”

“Have you been out here this whole time?” He tries to think back to when he arrived, if he’d seen anyone standing outside, but he doesn’t think so. “It’s fucking freezing.”

“Nah I’m okay,” and then, smiling a little: “I’m a hockey player, I’m used to the cold.”

Barty isn’t sure what to say to that, shaking his head and running a hand over his face.

“Holy shit, what happened to your hands?” Crabbe asks. Barty pauses, before holding them out in front of him, getting a good look at them for the first time. In this light the blood looks black.

“Uh, got into an accident.”

“An accident?” Barty can tell Crabbe’s pulling on his leash a little bit, trying to get a better look.

“Yeah,” he sighs. “Involving Riddle’s face.”

“Oh,” the other boy says, and then: “OH.”

Barty nods, picking some of the torn skin off his knuckles. He’s been in fights before. You don’t get to be as good as he is in the sport he’s in without having people shove you around. He learned young how to defend himself.

“I guess Riddle got what he wanted then,” more to himself than Barty.

He lets it go at first, distracted inspecting his injuries, but after a few seconds the words actually sink in, Barty’s head lifting up to look back at the other boy. “What do you mean—got what he wanted?”

“Er—well—“ looking nervous, clearly aware he’s just said something he shouldn’t have. “He mentioned that he kinda wanted to make you…you know…lose it.”

Barty blinks. “He said that to you?”

Crabbe quickly shakes his head. “No, to Lestrange,” then, with a self-deprecating smile. “I think they forgot I was there honestly.”

Barty is sure that’s true.

“I don’t understand,” he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Why would Riddle want me to attack him?”

“Well I don’t think he thought it would go down quite like that,” Crabbe gives Barty’s hands another nervous look. “But he wanted to show the team that you’re…like…unstable or whatever? He’s been saying that to the guys for weeks but I think some of them are kinda starstruck by you. And like, he wanted to make sure that they stay loyal to him.”

Of course. Riddle, stupid little king of his own stupid little kingdom, of course he would think Barty wanted a piece. Completely unable to imagine someone not wanting to have all the power. All the control. But Barty hadn’t even thought about it. A slightly hysterical laugh bubbles out of his mouth. “Fuck,” he hisses, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes. “Fuck this is all so stupid. I don’t even know what I’m doing here.”

“At the party?” Crabbe asks, clearly confused.

Barty huffs. “At this party, at this school, in this town, any of it,” he looks up, Crabbe still tied to the tree, which just feels more ridiculous with every passing second. “What are you doing here?”

Crabbe startles, clearly not expecting the question. “Me?”

“Why are you letting them keep you tied to a fucking tree ? You’re not a dog, you can undo the goddamn knot.”

Crabbe looks a little uneasy, pulling at his collar. “I want to be part of the team,” he says, after a few seconds of dithering. “I wanna prove that they can depend on me, that I can take it, that I’m one of them.” Team, team, team.

Barty has never been one of them. He has always been on his own. Apart. And never felt much need to correct that. For someone who plays a team sport, he’s never been much of a team player.

“Besides,” Crabbe goes on. “Could be worse. At least no one’s sending me to the hospital.”

Barty shakes his head, unclear whether he’s slow or Crabbe is just prone to saying odd fucking shit. “What?”

“Well, you know, all that stuff that happened at Godric.”

Barty continues to stare at him. “Crabbe, what are you talking about?”

The kid looks suddenly embarrassed, clearly having expected Barty to know this. “It—in the fall? It was like, all over twitter and shit? One of the rookies got alcohol poisoning and then they brought him on to the roof and tried to make him jump or something. Looks scary as hell.”

Barty is still trying to make sense of this, because there’s no way Evan would stand for that kind of shit, which means he must not have been there. Still, Barty’s surprised he didn’t mention it. Of course, it’s not as though they’ve been having a whole lot of deep heart to hearts recently. At least not outside of Barty’s head.

“There’s a video?” Crabbe offers up, when the silence drags on too long. “Wanna see?”

Barty nods, curious now. He gets off the ground and comes over to where Crabbe is standing, phone in his hand, tongue between his teeth as he searches through his videos. “Ah…just a sec…it should be…my buddy sent it to me so just…here! Here it is!” He angles the screen towards Barty so that he can see.

It’s not the best quality, it’s dark, and whoever is filming is clearly not particularly sober. At first there are just the vague outlines of things. But then the cameraman steps towards the edge of the roof, a laughing “woah” coming from his mouth as you’re finally able to get some perspective—streetlights glowing below, illuminating the sidewalk. There’s laughing and shouting, so the video swings back onto the roof. Someone is sitting on the ground, the others stumbling around him. The cameraman approaches them.

It is immediately apparent that the guy on the ground is fucked up. The way he moves—it sounds like he’s talking but his words are slurred beyond recognition. The crowd laughs. There are glimpses of blond hair. Broad shoulders. But it’s not until he hears someone in the background shout “Hey Rosy!” that Barty realizes who he’s looking at.

His stomach drops, body going cold.

“Hey Rosy, come on dude, stand up, lets go!”

Evan mumbles something but Barty has no idea what it is, a couple guys try and fail to get him on his feet.

“We could always just roll him down the roof with us.”

Laughter.

“He’s so fucked right now, I bet I could convince him to jump.”

“Woah, dark dude,” still laughing.

“Hey Rosy, you feel like flying?”

“How viral do you think that video would go?”

“Oh my god.”

“Alright assholes!” Someone further back yells, way off screen. “Line the fuck up.”

“Nick, Rosy can’t stand!”

Someone gives Evan a light kick with their foot.

“Then leave the pussy there and get over here!”

There’s more noise, shuffling and laughing, and then the video ends. Barty can’t move. Staring at Crabbe’s phone and trying to resist the urge to throw-up.

Bee

“You said he went to the hospital?”

“Yeah, that’s the rumour anyway.”

Bee I’m okay. You know I’m okay.

There is something rotting in the pit of his stomach. The image of Evan just sitting there, unable to talk, to stand, searing itself into his brain. Making him shake.

I’m okay.

“Crouch?”

He’s going to be sick. He’s definitely going to be sick.

“Hey are you alright?”

I’m okay. I’m okay. I promise.

“I need to go,” Barty says suddenly, making Crabbe blink at him.

“Er—okay, you sure you’re good?”

Barty doesn’t bother answering, can’t see the point. Instead he starts walking, but before he reaches the end of the lawn he turns back. “Crabbe?”

“Yeah?” the other boy responds uncertainly, clearly nervous about what Barty is going to do next.

“Untie yourself from the fucking tree.”

 

 

He doesn’t have a plan. Isn’t thinking at all. He just gets in his dad’s car and starts driving. The highways are pretty empty, his headlights cutting through the dark. Other cars occasionally driving by. Like comets. About two hours in he stops to get gas. Looking up he realizes that he can see the stars here.

Worth it right?

He starts driving again. His leg is killing him now, the drugs having worn off and the injury angrier than usual after that game. He usually has pills he takes to make the come down a bit less of a bitch, but he forgot to grab them when he took the keys. His hands hurt too. He still hasn’t washed them. Hasn’t bandaged them. He thinks there might be blood on his shirt and his face.

It’s not a short drive between Salazar and Godric. He stops again to use the washroom and sleep for thirty minutes. Then he grabs himself the biggest coffee he can and gets back on the road. He doesn’t know what he’s doing. Doesn’t know why he’s doing it. Just knows that he won’t be able to fucking breathe until he sees Evan in front him. Until he touches him. Until he can make sure that he’s not still stuck up on that roof. Until he can make sure that there haven’t been marks he didn’t see. Wounds he missed, in all the noise. In a all the drama of them. Of his fucking knee.

By the time he gets there it’s morning. He barely remembers the drive. The night before distant and fuzzy and  surreal. He pulls into the parking lot. Gets out of his car. And stops. For the first time in hours, he properly stops. He doesn’t know what to do now. He has no idea what room Evan is in. What floor. Fuck, he’s not even sure he knows the residence building. He could call him, of course, but he’s not sure Evan would answer.

I always answer.

Not at Christmas.

No, not at Christmas.

He stands in front of his car, in the middle of the quad, frozen. Body aching. Leg threatening to give out. He could just start walking into buildings. They probably have front desks, he could ask there. Sounds like a horrible, awkward idea but it’s the best one he’s got.

“Oh my god.”

The best one besides getting back in his car and driving home. He wonders how long it’ll take his father to realize he’s gone? There’s no one to wake him up now. No one to bring him breakfast. Something like guilt twists in Barty’s stomach. He doesn’t want to think about how his father will feel when he finally realizes Barty isn’t there. That he left. That he didn’t come back. That he took the car. Fuck.

“Oh my god, oh my god.”

Barty blinks as a girl appears in front of him. She’s wearing heart shaped sunglasses and a pair of white overalls with strawberries all over them. And she’s…looking at him.

“Pouty hockey player boy!” she exclaims, nearly spilling the coffee in her hand.

“What?” he asks, looking around, wondering if anyone else sees her or if this is some kind of exhaustion induced hallucination.

“Wow, don’t take this the wrong way but you look like shit right now. Did Evan call you? I have been dropping hints all over the place that he needs to buck up and sort this whole situation out but, well, he’s a hockey player so, who knows if he picked up on any of that. No offence.” She talks very fast, and, quite frankly, her entire existence makes zero sense to Barty so he’s struggling to keep up with what’s happening here.

“What?” he repeats. “Who are you?” 

She beams. “Cerci,” holding her free hand out to shake. He takes it automatically, the world feeling a bit fuzzy and out of focus. “Woah,” she pushes her glasses up into her hair and stares at his hands. “Is that blood?”

Barty looks down at himself like he doesn’t already know that it is. “Er—yeah,” he coughs, clearing his throat. “Rough night.” And then, finally, her earlier words start to sink in. “Wait—you know Evan?”

She stares at him for a moment. “I do,” she says, brow furrowing slightly. “He did—did he—he does know you’re here, right?”

Barty’s stomach starts to squirm. Everything pushing and pulling and taking little bites out of him. This is such a fucking mess. He is such a fucking mess. “No.”

“Oh, okay, got it,” she keeps looking at him. “Why—and I mean this in the least judgemental way possible—but why exactly are you here then?”

Barty opens and closes his mouth. Not sure what to say. Pushing and pulling and biting, biting, biting.

Bee.

“I—“

Bee.

“I don’t—“

“Hey Rosy, you feel like flying?”   

Barty shakes his head, half-sitting and half-falling down onto the asphalt in front of his car, head dropping between his knees. His whole body fucking hurts. His chest fucking hurts. His head hurts. His knee. His hands.

“Oh wow, I did not think that was going to happen—are you okay?” he hears her move, feels her get down on the ground with him. “You’re breathing right? Please tell me you’re breathing, because I took a first aid course one time but I’m going to be real with you, I don’t think that practice dummy was super pleased with the service. I will try though, if I need to. I will pound out Stayin Alive on your chest like nobody’s business.”

Somehow, he manages to speak: “I’m breathing,” head still between his knees.

“Awesome. That is super awesome. You being dead would really put a damper on this whole reunion thing.”

He doesn’t even bother trying to respond to that, just working on getting his vision to stop looking like a TV that’s lost its signal. This is unacceptable, he tells himself. Get it together. Sit up. Be a man. We are not this fucking weak. It’s just because he hasn’t slept. Because he doesn’t have anything to numb the pain in his leg. Because he can’t stop seeing Evan on the fucking ground. Excuses, and this time the voice sounds frighteningly like his father’s. It takes a few more seconds before he’s finally able to lift his head, leaning back against the car. Cerci is kneeling in front of him, concern on her face.

“You okay?”

He nods, trying to ignore the uncomfortable cold sweat that is now coating his skin and soaking his already dirty, stale clothes.

“Need anything? Water? Ice pack?” she wrinkles her nose. “Actually, I don’t know why I’m asking you if you need things I don’t have,” she looks around, like she’s trying to figure out what she does have. Her eyes eventually land on the cup in her hands. “Coffee?” she holds it out to him, but he waves her off.

“I’m fine, but thanks.”

“If you says so,” she takes a sip herself, and Barty prepares himself for another onslaught of words, but thankfully, she seems happy to give him a few more seconds of silence. There are people around, going to classes, giving them interested looks as they pass by. If he had the energy he’d glare at them.

“Since we’re already on the ground,” she goes on eventually, bringing his wary gaze back to her. “You wanna try and tell me why you’re here, again? Why you didn’t call first, maybe give Evan a heads up?” and then, eyes running him over. “Maybe take a shower?”

He grimaces, unable to come up with satisfactory answers to any of those questions. “It’s complicated.”

She snorts. “Yes, you are certainly giving off complicated vibes right now.” He doesn’t know what to say to that so he doesn’t say anything. “At the risk of pushing my luck here,” that doesn’t sound promising. “Can I ask you another question?”

He’d really rather she didn’t, but he says “Sure” anyway. He can’t imagine he’ll be able to answer it, whatever it is. 

Her eyes run him over one more time, expression as serious as he’s seen it. “Are you going to hurt him?”

That makes his stomach give an unwelcome lurch, like it’s trying to escape, and for a second all he can do is stare back at her. Mouth dry. Chest tight. “No,” he manages eventually. And then: “At least, I don’t want to.”

She nods, like that was the answer she was looking for, before practically hopping to her feet and offering him her hand. “Well, c’mon then.”

Barty blinks up at her, the rising sun now behind her head. “C’mon, where?”

“Lets go get our boy.”

 

 

When they get inside things start feeling a little more real, and Barty is once again hit with the unmanageable feeling that he has no idea what he’s doing here. That this is absolutely insane. That Evan, in all probability, will not be happy to see him. Cerci stops in front of a door on the third floor.

“Sorry, can you hold this?” she says, shoving her coffee cup into his hands before he can answer and rummaging through the front pocket of her backpack. “Aha!” she says triumphantly, pulling out a keycard and swiping it above the handle.

“You have a key to his room?” he asks, surprised. But she only shrugs, already pushing the door open.

“I know a guy.”

And then they’re walking inside, and Evan is there, back to them as he shoves some textbooks into his bag. Not on the roof, but safe, and whole, and okay. For what has to be the hundredth time in the last few hours Barty feels like the ground has disappeared beneath his feet, the door clicking closed behind him.

“Sorry babe,” Evan says, without looking. “I’ll be ready in like five seconds, I swear.”

Something cold runs down Barty’s spine. Babe. And suddenly so many things make sense. He takes an instinctual step back. Self-defence, really. But Cerci reaches out before he can get too far, hand wrapping gently around his wrist, keeping him in the room.

“Hey Evan, look who I found.”

“What?” And then he’s turning around. Finally. Half-smiling until he sees Barty. And then his face goes blank. And time stops. And stars collapse. And bones are shattered. He looks just like he did, all those days in his basement. Just like the photos rotting on Barty’s phone.

Bee, Bee, Bee.

“Crazy huh?” Cerci breaks the silence. Evan still staring at Barty like he’s looking at a ghost.

“What,” Evan demands. 

“Word of the day.”

Barty is already shaking his head. “I’m sorry,” he says, trying to tug himself out of Cerci’s grip. “This was a mistake you—you’re together and I—“

“Actually I’m really glad you’re here,” Cerci says, squeezing his wrist. And it’s so like his father—thank you, I love you—that it throws him off enough to stop him squirming. “I think you guys need to talk.”

Evan is so still. Barty doesn’t think he’s ever seen him like this before. “I’m sorry,” he says again. They aren’t anything anymore. They haven’t been for a long time. He doesn’t know what he was thinking. Fuck his head is pounding.

“I—“ Evan sinks down onto his bed.

“Okay, well, I’m going to let you guys get all your big boy feelings out. Evan, darling, call me later, yeah?” She finally lets go of Barty’s wrist. “Ooh,” she says when she turns to face him. “I’ll take that,” taking back the coffee he’d forgotten he was still holding. When she gets to the door Evan seems to wake up.

“Cerci—“

“I’m good if you’re good,” she answers before he can even ask, looking back at him sincerely. “Are you good?” Evan pauses, eyes bouncing between her and Barty—who has absolutely no fucking clue what is going on here.

Finally, Evan nods. “I’m good,” voice rough.

She gives him a soft smile. “Love you.”

“Yeah, love you too.”

And then she’s gone. And it’s just them. And Barty has no idea what to do. Apparently neither does Evan because for a long time they just sit in silence. And then—

“Fuck Bee, you’re bleeding.”

Barty blinks. “Oh,” he’s going to explain that he isn’t actually, in fact, most of the blood isn’t even his, but then Evan is there. In his space. Touching his hands. His face. His shirt.

“What the fuck happened?” he asks, eyes scanning him over, forehead all wrinkly. He smells like him. Like something Barty wants to crawl inside. Wants to devour. Wants to live in.

“Bee?”

“What?”

Evan lets out a dry laugh. “Word of the day,” he mumbles. His hand comes up, cupping Barty’s cheek, thumb brushing gently across his skin, searching Barty’s eyes for something, though hell if Barty knows what. Of course that’s the moment his knee decides to give out.

“Fuck,” he curses, leg buckling under him. Somehow Evan manages to catch him before he actually hits the floor. Or maybe he catches Evan—hands tangling in his shirt. Either way neither of them are prepared for it, both stumbling into the middle of the room.

“Shit—are you okay?” Evan asks, alarmed.

“Fine,” Barty forces out through clenched teeth. “Just my piece of shit knee.”

“Here,” Evan guides him towards the bed, sitting him down, and Barty groans, hands clutching at the mattress as he hangs his head, waiting for the sparks of pain to stop shooting up his leg. Eventually, he feels the bed dip beside him, and then there’s a hand on the back of his neck, squeezing. It’s no Toradol, but Evan Rosier’s hands are still a hell of a drug.

“Thanks,” Barty says, when he’s able to lift his head again, Evan’s hand, regrettably, falling away. Their eyes meet and oh, oh, oh. Doesn’t that feel like coming apart and coming together all at the same time. 

“Bee,” almost pleading. “What’re you doing here?”

The million dollar question.

It’s work for him to speak, still looking at Evan—Evan who has always made him go all soft in a way nothing else ever has. Always made him feel things so deeply he thinks he’s drowning.

“I just needed to see you,” he manages finally.

“Barty, it’s been almost a year—“

“I know, I know. I just—I needed to make sure you were okay.”

Evan is squinting at him, clearly no less confused. “I’m okay, of course I’m okay. Are you okay?” Giving his hands a very pointed look.

Barty waves him off. “It’s not my blood.”

“It’s—what?” Evan arches his brow. “Whose blood is it? Shit Barty, did you murder someone?”

That actually gets a laugh out of him, quiet and half-hearted as it is. “No. Thought about it though,” and when Evan does not look comforted by this: “I got into a fight with Riddle.”

The other boy blinks at him. “Tom Riddle? Your captain?”

“That’s the one.”

Evan’s eyes give Barty another assessing look. “What’d he do?”

“Nothing.”

“Barty.”

He sighs. “Dead mom joke.”

Evan’s eyes go wide. “Wow, what the fuck? Who does that?”

Barty smiles a little, something purring in his chest at Evan’s indignation. “He’s a tool.”

“Yeah no shit. The next time we play against each other he’s getting fucked up.”

Barty frowns at him. “The next time we play it’ll be the championships. No taking dumb penalties in the championships.”

“Wouldn’t be dumb.”

Barty keeps frowning. “Evan.”

The other boy throws his arms up in the air, making an exasperated noise. “Fine! Fine.” Without thinking Barty reaches out and takes his hand, squeezing.

“Thank you.”

It’s not until he sees Evan’s eyes drop down to the point where they’re touching that Barty realizes what he’s done. “Sorry,” pulling away and looking at the empty bed across the room because it feels safer than looking at the boy next to him. The silence creeps back up around them, constricting, and heavy. Neither of them knowing what to say.

“Bee?” Evan manages finally, and it’s evil, and unfair, but Barty can’t stop himself from looking back at him. Really, Evan should be angry, Barty just showing up here after all these months. He should be angry about all the awful things Barty’s said to him since he left for Godric. But he doesn’t look angry. He looks sad. “Really, why are you here?”

“Hey Rosy, you feel like flying?” 

“Did they actually put you in the fucking hospital?” he croaks. 

For a second Evan looks confused, and then; “Ah,” now it’s his turn to stare across the room. “Hockey gossip finally getting around huh?”

“I think it’s probably been around but, you know me, never very good at keeping up with that stuff.”

Evan smiles a little, looking down at the hands in his lap. “No,” he says softly. And then: “September was…hard. But I’m all good now, I swear.” He knocks his leg reassuringly against Barty’s. And Barty has the intense desire to burn the world down. He thinks he could. Thinks there’s enough anger and violence in him to pull it off. For Evan. No one is ever going to touch you again, he wants to promise. I will melt the skin from their bones before I let them even bruise you. I will sever heads. I will eat hearts. I will, I will, I will.

“So that’s why you drove all the way down here?” Evan asks after a long pause.

Barty looks helplessly back at him. “I needed to see you.”

“You’ve seen me since it happened.”

“I know. But I just—“ and he can’t finish that sentence. Doesn’t think there’s really a logical explanation. Evan looks at him fondly for a moment before reaching out and gently taking his hand back, both of them watching as he runs his thumb over Barty’s knuckles. After a few seconds Barty yawns, adrenaline slowly leaking out of him, leaving him exhausted.

“C’mon,” Evan says. He lets go of Barty’s hand and Barty almost whines in protest, watching the other boy get off the bed and head to his closet, pulling out a towel. “Shower. Bed. You can borrow some of my clothes.”

Barty just squints at him. “I—no. It’s okay, I—you have class and—“ a girlfriend. Apparently.

Evan just rolls his eyes. “I’m skipping class. Obviously. And you’re in no shape to go anywhere. So.” He waves the towel at him.

Barty stares at it for a minute before begrudgingly forcing the next words out of his mouth. “I don’t think I can stand in a shower right now,” he taps his knee. “Least not without potentially cracking my skull open.”

Evan looks surprised for a minute before the expression disappears. “Okay, no problem. I can help.”

“Evan—“

“You’re covered in blood and you stink dude,” he gives him a cheeky grin that almost makes this situation feel normal. “You need a shower.” This is a bad idea. A bad, dangerous, messy idea. But Evan just rolls his eyes. “It’s not like we don’t both shower with like twenty guys every other day.” Barty glares at him, because he knows full well that isn’t the same. “Oh so now you’re a prude?”

“I forgot how annoying you are.”

Evan’s grin only grows wider. “No you didn’t.”

No, he didn’t.

 

 

Because Barty has no sense of self-preservation, he lets Evan lead him to the bathroom—blissfully empty. There are stalls, but also two individual shower rooms with doors. Evan shuffles him into one of those, sitting him down on the plastic chair next to the tub as he turns on the water and gets it warm. When Evan looks back over his shoulder and sees Barty still sitting there he arches his brow.

“You need help getting naked?”

Barty rolls his eyes, rising stiffly to his feet and pulling his shirt and pants off. He resolutely does not look at Evan. Even when the other boy helps him step over the tub wall, holding him steady when his leg wobbles. He makes his vision blurry, looks at the tiles, at the water, at the shower curtain. Anywhere else.

The water feels good, even if it burns the open cuts on his hands. For a moment he just stands there, facing the spray, eyes closed. Okay, brain clearing for the first time in hours. Okay, so I’m probably off the team. Maybe expelled from school too. And there’s no way dad isn’t going to kill me. But that’s okay. That’s probably okay. He feels the familiar sensation of shampoo being worked into his hair.

“I can wash my own hair you know,” he grumbles.

Evan only hums. “I’m here, might as well be useful.” Barty sighs, but doesn’t bother fighting it. By the time Evan is rinsing his hair Barty’s knee has started to ache, and he feels himself leaning back into him more. Evan’s arm coming around his middle and holding him steady.

“Good?” he asks.

“Sorry, I’m gonna need to sit down soon.”

“S’okay, we can probably get out, I think we got all the blood off you.”

Barty nods but he doesn’t move, doesn’t want to. Something about this position reminds him painfully of the picture on his phone. The one he never should have let Evan take. The one he’s been staring at for months. And then he’s turning around, even though he knows better. Even though he’s not sure that he’s allowed to. Even though it’s pathetic. He’s turning around in Evan’s arms and pressing into him, forehead resting against his shoulder.

“Hey,” Evan says, instead of pushing him off, which is what he should fucking do. He has both his arms around Barty now. “You okay, Bee?”

He almost laughs.

“I don’t know what to do,” he admits finally. The ugly truth.

Evan squeezes him a little tighter, the noise of the water echoing around them. “You’ll figure it out.” Barty doubts that, but he doesn’t say so. A second passes before he feels Evan kiss his temple. “I’ll help.”

 

 

They do eventually get out of the shower. Barty puts on the clean clothes Evan brought, they’re too big because Evan is a fucking monster and also an asshole, because he laughs when he sees Barty, sleeves dripping way past his hands, sweatpants pooling around his feet.

“Shut-up,” Barty grumbles, but it doesn’t really have the desired effect.

They manage, by some miracle, to make it back to his dorm room without running into anyone. Barty supposes most people are either in class or sleeping at this hour. Evan bullies him into his bed before sitting on the edge, phone in his hand.

“Texting your girlfriend?” Barty asks, an unnecessarily bitchy comment, he knows. He is a brat.

“Yup,” Evan answers, unbothered.

“You tell her we showered together?” B-R-A-T.

Evan looks up at him, unimpressed. And then, pointedly, begins to type and read out loud at the same time: “Helped him in the shower,” giving Barty a look that is clearly meant to say good enough for you? Barty only rolls his eyes but a second later there’s the sound of buzzing and Evan snorts.

“She says ‘good, that boy was dirtyyy’ with three y’s.”

Barty grumbles, burying himself further in the blankets. A second later Evan is pulling them back and crawling in beside him. The pair lie facing one another and Barty arches his brow.

“You tell her about this too?”

Evan sighs. “I can give her a play by play if it’ll make you more comfortable.”

“I don’t understand what’s happening here.”

“I know,” this time less teasing. “We can talk first and sleep later, or sleep first and talk later? Whatever you want.”

Barty thinks about it for a second, but his eyelids are already starting to get heavy and he really is fucking exhausted. “Talk later,” he says finally. And then, voice a little sluggish: “I told her I wasn’t going to hurt you,” something flashes in Evan’s eyes but Barty’s not sure what it is. “I’m just trying to keep that promise.”

Evan gives him a sad smile. “Okay Bee, I appreciate it. C’mere though, yeah?” he holds out his arms and Barty slides over far too easily, head on Evan’s chest as the other boy wraps around him. He’s practically asleep when the next words come out of his mouth:

“You know, I talk to you all the time?”

“What?” he can hear the forehead wrinkles in Evan’s voice.

“In my head. I talk to you all the time. Every day.”

There’s a pause and then a soft “Oh.” It sounds kind of sad and Barty doesn’t know why but he’s too tired to ask. “Sleep tight, okay Bee?” Evan says finally, voice rough. And the last thing Barty feels before he falls asleep is Evan kissing the top of his head.

 

 

It’s his phone that wakes him up.

He left it in the pile of his dirty clothes on the floor. He doesn’t know why it isn’t on silent, he must have turned the sound on by accident. He sits up, scrubbing at his face, feeling disoriented when he sees the light coming through the window and then the dorm room materializing around him. Evan is out of bed, he has Barty’s phone in his hand and he’s looking at it like it’s a bomb.

Barty doesn’t have to ask who’s calling.

“I was going to turn it off,” Evan says, without looking up. The ringing ends, but barely a few seconds pass before it starts up again. “Let you get more sleep.”

There is a knot in Barty’s chest. Squeezing and pulling painfully tight. He’s been looking after his father since his mother died. It’s his job to be there when his father needs him, when he looks for him. He’s never not been. Eventually he swallows, holding his hand out, but Evan doesn’t move, looking very much like he wants to the smash the phone against the wall in front of him. 

“You don’t have to answer it.”

“Evan.”

“If he yells at you I’m gonna lose it.”

“Maybe you should take a walk then.”

“Bee—“

“I deserve to be yelled at this time, alright?”

Evan doesn’t look remotely happy about that. The phone goes silent in his hand again. And then—

“Jesus Christ.“

“Evan, just give me the phone. He’s not going to stop.”

Finally, the other boy looks up, eyes fierce. “I want you to promise me something first.”

Barty squints, voice wavering when he says, “alright?”

“When you’re done you don’t just leave, okay?”

“What?”

“You stay and we talk—you don’t just go running back to him, even if he asks, cause you know he will.”

Barty stares at him for a moment. He wishes he could say he has no idea why Evan needs this. But then, there have been more then a few times he’s run away from him to keep his dad happy.

“Okay,” he says finally.

“You promise?”

“I promise. Now give me the fucking phone.” He does, Barty answering on what has to be the last ring. “Dad?”

“What the hell is wrong with you?”

He grimaces. “Is Riddle okay?”

“He’s damn near unrecognizable but he’ll live. Thank god the kid’s a hockey player and knows how to take a punch. What the fuck were you thinking Barty? Huh? What if he couldn’t play?” Figures, that of all the possible ramifications of jumping someone in a crowded room, that’s the one his father is most concerned about.

Barty is sitting up in Evan’s bed, knees bent, elbows resting on them, back to Evan—somehow he can still tell he’s glaring, like he’s trying to burn up Barty’s father through the phone.

“I’m sorry,” he’s not sure he knows how to explain why he did it. Why he really did it. Why he’s so fucking angry all of the time. Not sure there is an explanation.

“He’s not pressing charges, bless him, so you don’t have to worry about the school or the law, but me? You’re still going to have to deal with me. If you thought this summer was going to be parties and girls you have another thing coming.”

“Right.”

“Where are you?”

“Uh—out.”

“You really don’t want to be smart with me right now.”

Barty cringes. “I—listen, I’m going to come back alright? It’s just going to take me a—a few more hours.” Or a day.

“No.”

“Dad—“

“Barty, you get home, now. Do you hear me? Or I’m calling the cops.”

“Dad—“

“You stole my car. If you think I won’t report you—“

“Well that won’t look very good to the scouts now will it? Grand theft auto?”

“Barty!”

“I just need a few more hours, okay?”

“Where are you? Where the hell are you!” he sounds properly freaked out now. “Do you have any idea what it was like to wake up and find you gone?”

“I know,” voice small. “I know, I’m sorry.”

“No phone call? No note? Nothing? You weren’t even picking up—I’ve been trying to find you—“ his voice cracks and Barty feels himself physically recoil.

“Dad.” 

“—nobody has seen you since the fight, nobody knows where you are. They told me you’d been drinking and I thought, I thought—“ his voice cuts out again.

Barty closes his eyes, holding the phone tightly to his ear. Because he knows exactly what his dad thought. He thought again. It’s happening again. I’m losing someone again. The same thought Barty has every morning when he walks into his dad’s office and wonders if maybe this is the day his father doesn’t wake up. If this is the day he’ll be left properly alone. Because after his mom, it just started to feel inevitable. That everyone would leave. Would disappear. Would stop breathing. And he’s tried so hard not to make his dad feel that, not to make him worry, he’s made his life so small so that they could stick together.

“Barty,” his name shakes over the line. “Barty please. You’re scaring me now.”

“I know,” he whispers. “I’m okay, I swear I’m okay. I’m coming back. I just can’t yet.”

“Yes you can. Tell me where you are, I’ll come get you. I’ll—“

“I love you dad, alright?”

“Barty—“

He hangs up. And then immediately turns his phone off. Dropping it down on the mattress and staring at it for a moment. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He drops his head into his hands, fingers pulling at his hair.

It’s not fair to blame their relationship all on his dad, because Barty’s become codependent too—letting his dad make all the decisions. Not caring. Not wanting anything for himself. Until Evan. Evan got through somehow—whatever thick shell Barty had built around himself. And he hadn’t been able to see a way out. A way for him and his father to let go of whatever weird safety net they’ve built for themselves. So he’d stepped in front of that puck. A split second decision.

“Bee?” the bed dips behind him. “Hey? You alright?”

No. Almost definitely not. He’s not sure he can trust his voice so he just nods. He doesn’t look up. Doesn’t pick up his phone. Doesn’t turn it back on.

“Listen,” Evan says eventually. “I—uh—I know what I said but, if you need to go—“

But Barty is already shaking his head. He forces himself to sit up. Forces himself to look at Evan. “I’m done.”

Evan’s brow raises. “Done?”

“Yeah, yeah,” clearing his throat. “I’m done. I—after this season, no more hockey. I can’t do this. This can’t be my life.”

Evan’s eyes grow big. “Wow.”

It doesn’t feel good. This decision. He thinks, if this were a movie, this is the moment the music would swell, and they would both be laughing and smiling and kissing. Or something. If it was that kind of movie. But this doesn’t feel good. Because they are both painfully aware that Barty has everything that boys like them dream of. Because he’s been playing hockey since he was three years old and he has no idea what the fuck he’s getting up in the morning for if it’s not to go to practice. If he thought for one moment that he could push through it he would. Alice said he’ll make it to twenty-five before his knee gives out. But Barty thinks the rest of him is gonna give out a hell of a lot sooner. It’ll be the fucking drugs. Or his temper. But he won’t make it to twenty-five the way he’s going. He knows that.

“You’re sure?” Evan asks finally. “Really this time?”

Barty nods, stiff. “Yeah.” And then: “I’m so fucking scared though.” He has no value outside this sport. He has no purpose. He has no one who loves him.

“Hey, hey c’mere,” Evan is pulling him in, and, as always, Barty goes. Wraps his arms around him. “It’s going to be okay, you know?” Barty laughs, but he doesn’t argue with him. “It will. I promise. You’re gonna be okay. You’re gonna be so fucking happy actually.”

“Shut-up.”

“No. You’re gonna be so fucking happy. And so fucking healthy. And so fucking full. I can’t wait, really, I can’t wait to hear you laugh all the time.”

Barty shakes his head, burrowing further into him. “I’m sorry.” He doesn’t know what he’s apologizing for exactly. For making this so hard? For being so angry? For needing Evan so much?

“Don’t be.”

“I never knew what to do with this. With us.”

“It’s okay. Me either.”

“I need you.”

“Good. That’s good Bee. I need you too, okay? I need you so fucking much it’s unreal.” He squeezes him tighter. “It’s going to be okay.”

He wants to stay here. Right here. Right in this moment. In this room. In this bed. In these arms. He wants to stay here. He wants to always feel loved like this. Seen like this.

“Okay,” Barty says eventually, pulling away from Evan and scrubbing at his face.

“Okay?”

“I’m gonna need you to explain what the hell is going on with you and your girlfriend.”

“Cerci.”

“Yeah, right,” he says, doing his best not to sound like a dick. “So, she’s okay with you showering with people and then crawling into bed with them?”

Evan laughs. “Well, to be fair, it’s not something I do very often.”

“Once would be enough for most people.”

Evan is still smiling, but he nods his head anyway. “Fair. Cerci isn’t most people though.” Barty has picked that much up, but he imagines there’s more so he waits. And eventually, Evan goes on: “You ever heard of polyamory?”

He squints. “You mean, like, that TLC show?”

“What?”

“With the sister wives and shit?”

“What?” Evan repeats. “No.”

“What am I, one of your wives?”

“Dude, what the fuck are you talking about? First of all, I don’t remember proposing—”

“Well! That’s what it’s called, right?”

“That’s polygamy you idiot.”

“The fuck did you say?”

“Polyamory,” though he barely gets the word out he’s laughing so hard. “Oh my god, you’re so stupid.”

“Hey! Fuck you!” he shoves Evan who shoves him right back, which somehow turns into wrestling, ending with Barty pinned on his back, Evan hovering above him.

“Would you listen to me for five seconds?” Evan asks, still laughing.

Barty glares. “I am listening!”

“Sure.”

“I am!” he says indignantly. “I’m listening to you tell me all about your sex cult.”   

Evan roles his eyes. “You’re the worst.”

“If you say so.”

“I do,” Evan dips his head, brushing their noses together. And for a moment Barty’s whole world kind of flickers. Like a power surge. And it takes a second before he’s able to get his brain back online.

“So, you’re a polygon or whatever?” he asks.

“Poly-amo-rous,” Evan corrects, annunciating like a dickhead. “And, sort of? Maybe? A bit? Or like…just kind of…wibbly-wobbly.”

Barty arches his brow. “I’m sorry, what the fuck did you just say to me?”

Evan snorts. “I just mean that,” and now he shrugs. “I’m open to Cerci seeing other people, and Cerci’s open to me seeing other people, and we’re also cool with seeing other people together so…yeah. It’s like…very open.”

Barty just stares up at him for a moment. “That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”

Evan rolls his eyes. “Whatever.”  He doesn’t move though, still with his hands on Barty’s wrists, pining them above his head. He’s fucking heavy but Barty doesn’t mind. Doesn’t want him to go anywhere.

“Can I kiss you then?” he manages finally, voice a little shakier than he’d like. 

The boy above him blinks. “What?”

Barty is unable to keep his eyes from dropping to Evan’s mouth. “In your wibbly-wobbly relationship, am I allowed to kiss you?”

Evan’s lips twitch, cheeks flushing pink. “Yeah,” he croaks, dropping down onto his elbows and bringing their faces painfully close. “Yeah you’re allowed.”

And so he does.   

Embarrassingly, he almost cries. It’s been a very long time since anyone has touched Barty like this. Since his body has felt like more than a weight. A wound. Something to be pitied. When Evan pushes him into the mattress, when he runs his hands up his sides, when he scrapes his teeth across his jaw—he feels a little less broken.

They kiss for a long time, occasionally pausing just to hold one another. Like they’re both a little afraid that they’ll suddenly find themselves alone again. Find their arms empty. Evan is warm and gentle and Barty is cold and desperate, and somehow when they come together it makes sense. Pulling and caressing. Kissing and biting.

“Fuck I’ve missed you,” Evan says, face buried in Barty’s neck.

I miss you Bee.

You don’t.

Are you sure?

Barty exhales, eyes closing as he holds Evan closer, hand running up and down his back. “Yeah,” he manages. “Yeah I missed you too.”

 

 

“Cerci wants to know if you want food?”

Barty looks up, he managed to scrounge a tennis ball off of Evan and has been attempting to roll out his son-of-a-bitch knee for the last twenty minutes. Evan is sitting at his desk. Phone in hand.

“Uh.”

Evan instantly starts laughing, which makes Barty glare. “Sorry, sorry just—oh my god your face! You look so scared dude.”

Barty’s glaring continues. “I’m not scared.”

“Uh-huh.”

“I’m not! It’s just…I don’t know….it’s weird.” He stops fucking around with his knee, sitting like a normal person and passing the tennis ball back and forth between his hands. “I mean, right?”

Evan shrugs, “Think that’s kind of up to you,” and when Barty keeps staring at him he holds his arms up in surrender. “Look, I can tell her no if you want me to, okay? No hard feelings dude.” And he sounds like he means it. Sounds like this is not remotely a big deal, which Barty does not appreciate because it makes him feel like he’s the crazy person, when clearly it’s these two fucking lunatics.

“She really knows that this is like—that we’re—you know,” he runs a hand through his hair, flustered.

Evan is clearly doing his best not to start laughing again. “She really knows.”

Barty shakes his head, lying back on the floor and looking up at the ceiling. “Okay fine. Whatever. But I’m gonna be awkward as hell I hope you know that.”

“You always are.”

Evan barely manages to dodge the tennis ball Barty whips at his head. 

 

 

“I come bearing gifts!” Cerci announces when she walks into the room half-an-hour later, white plastic take-out bag in her hand. Barty feels himself instantly stiffen, moving away from where he’d been sitting on the bed next to Evan, watching NHL highlight reels. He can feel Evan giving him a look but he resolutely ignores him.

“Hey, look at you!” Cerci gives Barty an appraising up and down as she drops the food on Evan’s desk. “All clean and less murder-y. Well, sort of,” she squints at him. “You do still kind of have murder eyes.”

Barty has no idea what to say to that, Evan choking back a laugh in the background. Barty turns to him and glares, which only makes Evan laugh harder.

“Murder eyes,” he snorts. “Totally see it.”

“I’m assuming you got the super spicy ramen?” she holds the white container and plastic utensils out to Barty who takes them clumsily. “Since black pepper is too spicy for Evan.”

Now it’s Barty’s turn to laugh.

“Hey! Wow!” Evan indignantly takes his own food. “Not fair, I like spicy food!”

“Cinnamon hearts don’t count, darling.” 

“They’re spicy!”

“Christ,” Barty gives him an incredulous look. “You’re pathetic Rosier, you know that?” Which earns him a kick.

“So,” Cerci sits down in the desk chair, feet propped up on the bed, food in her lap. “What were you two watching?” she nods towards the now closed laptop.

“Hockey,” Evan answers, except he has a mouthful of noodles so it comes out sounding more like “Mwockey”.

“Ah,” Cerci nods her head wisely. “Something new for you guys then.”

Evan swallows, before smiling at her. “We have a very diverse set of interests.”

“I’ve noticed. What’ll it be next? The Ballet?”

“We were thinking Opera.”

“Opera! Of course, that would have been my second guess.”

They’re grinning at each other like idiots and it’s kind of weird, and kind of nice, and in general all very confusing. 

“Personally,” Barty tries, eyes focused very much on his ramen. “I’ve always been a poetry guy.”

There’s a moments pause before Cerci claps her hands, nearly making Barty spill hot soup on himself. “I knew it!” she says gleefully. “I saw you standing in the parking lot covered in blood and the first thought I had was, that’s a man who likes a good iambic pentameter!”

He gives her a dry look. “That is most people’s thought when they see me.”

“I bet.”

He catches Evan’s eye as he turns back to his food, the other boy is beaming at him. Always so easily pleased. Thank you, Evan mouthes after a second. Barty has no idea what he’s being thanked for exactly. Trying? Maybe Evan thought he was going to be mean, he usually is. Especially to strangers. Though he has a feeling it’s quite hard to be mean to Cerci. In all honesty, he’s pretty sure he should be the one thanking Evan. For letting him back in. For taking care of him. For sharing…this. Barty might not have a fucking clue what exactly this is, but he knows it’s…soft. Knows it’s special. Knows he would like very much to be a part of it. Even just a little.

 

 

It’s late evening by the time Barty insists he has to go and Evan insists he has to walk him to his car—which seems ridiculous, but that’s Evan for you. Once they get there, Barty holding his dirty clothes in a plastic bag, Evan starts giving him eyes like a kicked puppy.

“I have to go.”

“You could stay the night, I don’t like the idea of you driving back in the dark.”

Barty rolls his eyes. “I’ll be fine. I did it to get here, remember?”

“Yeah well, I didn’t know you were doing it then. Now that I know I’m going to be worried the whole time.”

“You don’t need to worry about me.”

Evan gives him an exasperated look before reaching out and pulling him forward. He gets his hands on either side of Barty’s face and kisses him. Right there, in the parking lot. Fucking stupid. And reckless. But Barty doesn’t pull away. Can’t really. Sinking into it. Eventually they break apart, Evan pressing their foreheads together.

“I always worry about you Bee,” said so softly Barty’s surprised the words don’t break. They stay like that for longer than they should. Pressed together. Eventually, Evan sighs. “Okay.”

“Okay?”

“You’ll call me when you get home, right?”

“Yeah,” and then: “If I have a phone, not really sure what my dad’s going to do.”

Evan grimaces, holding him tighter. “If it gets bad you come back, okay?”

“It’ll be fine. Whatever it is, I can handle it.”

“Barty.”

“Evan.”

He sighs, kissing him again. “If it gets bad you come back to me,” against his lips. “Bus or plane or train. I’ll pay for it. Fuck, I’ll get a car and come get you myself. You don’t stay. If he hurts you—“

“He’s not like that.”

Evan looks at him skeptically. But Barty doesn’t take it back. His father has never hit him. He’s controlling, and harsh, but he isn’t violent. Never has been.

“Just—promise?”

“You and your promises.”

“I care about you asshole,” and then, laughing in a sad sort of way. “Too fucking much probably.”

And Barty hates that noise. Hates that it’s coming out of Evan’s mouth. “Okay,” he says finally, pulling out of Evan’s grip because if he doesn’t go now he knows he’s not going to. “I promise.”

Evan gives him a wobbly smile. “Thank you.” Barty throws the door open to his car. “Bee?” Evan stops him when he’s halfway in. He’s got his hands in his pockets, eyes big. “This is—we—“ for the first time it’s Evan who’s struggling with his words. “It’s not going to be like it was before, right?” he manages finally. “We’re not going back to that? Because I don’t think I can do that again.”

Barty looks at him, standing uncertainly under the street light. Big and beautiful and afraid. And for some reason it makes him think of that Tuesday in the rain. Standing under the tree. Makes him think of wet, inexperienced mouths. He’d been so scared. But then Evan had looked at him, reached for him, touched him, and said

Kiss me.

Please, kiss me, anytime you want.

Barty is out of his car, closing the space between them, hand on the back of Evan’s neck as he pulls them together. They stumble a little, with the force of it. Hot and cold, soft and desperate. It’s unbearable really, how much he wants Evan. He can’t stand it. Never could.

“I love you,” he says when he pulls back, watching Evan’s eyes go wide. 

“Yeah?” like he really doesn’t know. Like he can’t believe it. Like that’s something he wants.

“Yeah.”

Evan reaches out, pushing the hair off of Barty’s face. “Love you too Bee.”

His heart shivers, and Barty forces himself to nod. “It’s not going to be like before.”

Evan’s licks his bottom lip. “That’s good. Yeah, okay. You’ll call?”

“I’ll call,” and then, with a little smile. “Promise.”

That gets a wet laugh out of Evan. “Okay,” he says. “Okay, go before I drag you back inside and like, slash your tires or something.” 

Barty laughs too, even though his throat feels tight. “Right.”

He doesn’t look back. He doesn’t stop. He gets in his car, turns the key, and pulls out of the parking lot without looking at Evan again. Because he can’t. Because if he does he’ll stay. And he can’t stay.

It’s a few miles before he gets his hands to stop shaking.

 

 

The day his mum died Barty is pretty sure he sat outside his house for hours, just looking at it, wanting desperately never to step foot inside again. Because the last time he’d been inside she was alive. Because he didn’t want to wear her footprints out of the floors. Or wipe her fingerprints off the counters. Or wash her smell out of the sheets. Didn’t want to lose anymore of her. He was filled with so much anger and pain and fear that sometimes he thinks it broke him. Because he didn’t hit anything, or scream, he doesn’t even think he cried. It’s like he became a black hole—imploding in on himself instead of exploding out.

The next day he’d gone to a tournament, like he did most weekends. He played well, like he did most weekends. He came home, touching as few things as possible, taking as few steps, hiding the sheets. And he didn’t feel any of it. Sometimes reporters would ask him questions about his mom, about what it was like, and there would just be emptiness. Like he had loved her too much to mourn her. So he just. Didn’t. His dad was the same. Without her they both kind of…turned off. The light gone from their lives. 

Funny. It’s usually the dead person who turns into a ghost.

 

 

It’s four in the morning by the time he gets home. Pulling into the driveway, turning off the engine, and sitting there. Sitting and staring at the dark empty house. She never lived here. Never stepped foot in it. But for whatever reason he still touches as few things as possible. Still takes as few steps. Still hides the sheets. Bad habits.

He jumps when the passenger door opens, his father sliding into the seat next to him and slamming the door shut behind him. Barty sits frozen, not sure what to do, afraid of moving. Like it’s a bear that just got into the car and not his dad. For a long time the pair of them just stare out the windshield at the house.

“Explain,” his father says finally. Voice harsh. Clipped. Barty grimaces.

“I—this friend I know, he—he got hurt. So I went to see him.” Which is at least somewhere in the vicinity of the truth.

His father lets out a rough laugh. “You must think I’m a fucking idiot.”

“No.”

“So you got into a fight, beat some kid to a pulp—no wait, sorry, not some kid, your captain—and then you decided to take a late night drive to go check-up on your buddy?” his dad turns to him but Barty keeps his eyes on the windshield, his hands gripping the steering-wheel. “You’re gonna have to do better than that kid.”

He swallows with difficulty, before shaking his head. “I can’t,” his voice cracks.

“Why?”

But he just shakes his head again. He thinks his mom would have liked Evan. Thinks they would have gotten along. Thinks he can picture them outside in his mother’s garden. His father has never liked Evan. Before Evan, Barty always came home.  Always stood where his father put him. Always did as he was told.

“Is it drugs?” his dad demands, and Barty can’t help but laugh.

“Other than the Toradol you mean?”

“Yes,” without blinking. “Other than the Toradol.”

“No. It’s not drugs.”

“Then what the hell is it? Because I have never been so disgusted with your behaviour in my life. I’m so angry I can’t even think of a punishment that would be enough.” Barty squeezes the wheel, teeth clenched. “You’re lucky we’re so close to the championships, we’ll have to put a pin in this until after the season but I promise you there will be consequences.” When Barty continues to say nothing his father sighs. “You do realize that if it gets back to the scouts that you lost it on one of your teammates it could seriously impact your career?” Barty shuts his eyes, squeezes them tight. “You’re lucky none of the boys in that room took their phones out. God Barty, how could you be so stupid? And then stealing my car and disappearing? What is going on with you?” 

I don’t know, is the honest answer to that question. I don’t know. Nothing good.

“Well?”

It’s so hard to get the words out. He’s not picky, at this point he’d take any of them, any words at all. But they all seem to be getting stuck at the back of his throat. He’s spent so much time shutting up around his dad that he thinks he might have forgotten how to actually talk to him.

“I’m going to need you to say something kid.”

Nails biting into rubber and plastic.

“Barty?”

“I’m not—I’m not entering the draft, dad.”

The silence that follows that statement is dangerous.

“I’m sorry?” his father demands brittlely.

“I’m not playing anymore.”

More silence. It makes his skin crawl.

“Not playing what?” his father demands, and then, before Barty can even think of answering. “You better not be talking about hockey.”

“Dad—“

“You better not be talking about fucking hockey.”

“I can’t do it dad. I can’t.”

“The hell you can’t!” his voice is so loud in the small space. “You will not throw this away Barty. I didn’t raise you to be that fucking weak.” Barty flinches. “Are you listening, huh? This is not some fucking hobby you get to just drop. I have spent hours of my life and thousands of my dollars to make this happen for you. You cannot walk away from this just because you don’t want to work hard anymore. Hey!” he grabs Barty’s arm and shakes him. “You hear me?”

“I’m tired, dad,” he says quietly. Which he knew was a stupid thing to say even before it came out of his mouth. But he doesn’t have it in him to lie anymore. He watches the rage rise in his father’s face, gets ready for the yelling to continue, when, suddenly, something shifts.

“Who did you go see?” his father demands, taking Barty off guard.

“W-what?” he stammers.

His father’s eyes narrow, grip on his arm tightening. “Who did you go see?” Barty just stares back at him. Doesn’t even try to answer. Too afraid that whatever comes out of his mouth will give him away. But apparently it doesn’t matter.

“It was Rosier wasn’t it?” his father says, much to Barty’s horror. “Wasn’t it?” giving him another shake. “That guy was always getting in your fucking head. I’m calling his goddamn parents. I’m putting a stop to this right now.”

“Wait, dad no—“ but his father is already out of the car, door slamming after him. Barty scrambles to undo his seatbelt, tripping out onto the driveway. “Dad,” he shouts. “Dad stop.”

“That’s enough, that kid is never coming near you again. And don’t you even fucking think of—“

“I blocked the shot on purpose,” he’s standing in front of the car, his father with his hand on the door to the house, back to Barty. For a moment they both just freeze there. A Tableau. A painting. A tragedy. Until, eventually, his father turns around.

“What?”

Barty gives him a pleading look. “I wanted to get hurt,” he forces himself to go on. “I knew it was going to be bad—I wanted it to be bad—I blocked the shot on purpose. I shattered my fucking kneecap so that I could stop playing.”

His father is looking at him like he’s never seen him before. Like he has no idea who he is. He opens his mouth and then closes it again, the silence between them stretching on painfully long.

“You’re giving up your future, you know that?”

Again, Barty can see how this would all play out if it were happening on a screen, with a director and actors. This would be the moment Barty would say something like no dad, I’m giving up your future. But that isn’t true.

“Yeah,” he manages, voice weak. “Yeah I know.”

For the first time his father doesn’t look angry. He just looks sad. Turning back towards the house.

“Dad—“

“I’m going to bed,” his father cuts him off. Barty watches him walk away. Listens to the door close behind him. He stares at the house. Full of walls, and floors, and counters his mother never touched. Stands there and stares. And tries not to feel like he just lost his dad too.

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    So.

    Yeah.

    idk im too stressed out about this chapter to think of anything to say here SO NEXT CHAPTER IS THE LAST ONE OH MAN

    it's going to be a pretty long one i think so there might be a bit of a gap before we get it, apologies in advance

    OKAY THANK YOU BYE

Chapter 28
Summary:

    The End

Notes:

    Tw:

    implied drugging / excessive drinking
    vomit
    violence
    injury
    hospital

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Regulus

“You said things have been easier, since moving in with your brother. Can you tell me more about that? What’s been easier about it?”

He’s sitting in an office that is made of neutral colours—butter yellow walls, beige carpets, light brown furniture. He’s in a mildly lumpy chair, there’s a sofa too but he never sits in it. It feels far too informal, makes him uncomfortable. He has a feeling Andrea—his therapist, she insists on being called Andrea, though Regulus did his best to call her Dr. Reynolds when he started—writes that down in her notes. That he’s afraid of the couch. Or whatever the couch is a metaphor for. Intimacy, he supposes. In any case, right now Andrea is patiently waiting for Regulus to answer her question. She spends a lot of their time together waiting. Waiting for Regulus to flay himself open and let all his disgusting, ugly, guts spill out onto her nice, clean floors.

He sighs. “It feels…familiar, I guess? I mean, logically, I know it isn’t. We haven’t lived together in years. And we’ve never lived together like…this.”

She tilts her head to the side. “What do you mean by that?”

She asks a lot of questions.

It is her job.

But Regulus still thinks it’s a bit rude.

“Well. We’ve never lived together without our parents,” she nods, as though this is something very insightful. “And there’s Remus, I guess,” he shifts in his chair. He sees her eyes track the movement. She’s whip smart for someone who wears too many cardigans and has to have her glasses on a chain around her neck so she doesn’t lose them.

“Are you uncomfortable with your brother’s relationship?”

He frowns. Shifting again. Goddamn it, this is why Sirius always beats him at poker. “I—“ he stops, exhaling. Doing his best to figure out why exactly thinking about Sirius and Remus makes him feel like he’s about to break out in hives. “It’s complicated,” he manages finally.

She smiles. “I’m sure it is,” a look in her eyes that tells Regulus they won’t be moving on until he expands on that.

He runs a hand over his face, sinking down in his chair a bit, ever the petulant teenager. “I think I’m angry at him. And I know that isn’t fair, or rational, but…”  She stares again. Waits again. Waits for the flaying. And the spilling. And the gore. Therapy is a brutal business and don’t let anyone tell you any different. “I’ve spent…years…carrying this around in me. Like a weight. An anchor.” His throat feels tight and he pauses, mouth twitching. “This shame,” he can’t meet her eyes, “it’s bone deep. My shame is bone deep, and it’s still there. I know that after everything that seems stupid. After Sirius coming out, Evan, James—“ he cuts off again, knee bouncing up and down. “But none of it matters. When I’m alone I still feel it. And the idea of being…seen? I—” his voice dies out again, and this time the silence drags on long enough that Andrea sees fit to break it herself.

“And that makes you angry at Sirius?”

“Yes,” a hiss. A burn. A blade in his side. 

“Do you blame him for your shame?”

Regulus blinks. “What?” and then. “No. Sirius has—he’s always been, you know, supportive. Makes sense now, I guess, but. He never did anything to make me…no, I don’t blame him. I’m not angry because I blame him.”

“Then why?”

He grits his teeth, words bitter. “Because he’s proud.” Ah. Yes. Blood, blood, blood. Guts, guts, guts. It’s fucking disgusting. “And I,” he bites the words out of his mouth. “I can’t be.” She lets them sit with that for a long time. Because she’s an asshole. Regulus has grown to rather like her over the past few weeks. But she is, absolutely, an asshole.

“Yet,” she says finally.

Regulus blinks. “What?”

“You can’t be,” she says slowly, kindly. “Yet. But you will be, one day. I promise.”

Regulus watches her for a moment, before eventually: “I don’t think therapists are supposed to make promises.”

She gives him a soft smile, and then a wink. “Keep this between us then?”

He snorts. “Yeah, okay. Between us.”

“Good,” she nods, sitting back in her chair. “Now, speaking of James…”

 

 

Sirius

They’re sitting in a coffee shop, which, honestly, is really fucking strange. Like some kind of incredibly awkward first date. It’s not that Sirius hasn’t talked to James at all the last few weeks. Of course he has. There have been games. Practices. But everything happened so fast. The end of term. The end of the season. Regulus moving in. They’ve talked. But they haven’t talked. And with the semifinals coming up this weekend, Sirius figures it’s probably time.

“So,” he says finally, causing James to start in his chair across the table. He looks tense, Sirius hates it. “I'm sorry for being kind of AWOL recently.”

James watches him for a moment before nodding. “S’okay. You’ve been busy.”

Sirius grimaces. “Yeah,” and then, “Well no. I mean, yeah I was busy but—“ he sighs, looking up at James. “I was also kind of pissed off.”

“Right,” James looks very somber.

“Yeah.”

“Okay.”

They stare at one another for a moment before James breaks eye contact to stir the coffee that he hasn’t taken a single sip of yet. This is the moment when Remus would roll his eyes and tell them to stop acting like idiots. Sirius probably should have brought him, for some reason he thought this was something he needed to do alone. That was clearly a mistake.

“You shouldn’t have lied to me,” he goes on finally, Remus’s voice in his head pushing the words out of his mouth. “Especially when Regulus was—“ he cuts off, unsure he really wants to name what Regulus was. Falling apart? Breaking down? He doesn’t want to think about where that was headed, about what would have happened if James hadn’t finally decided to show up on his doorstep. “You shouldn’t have lied. That’s not what we do. That’s not what we do James.” 

“I know, I know it’s not,” running a hand over his face, he looks fucking miserable. “It probably doesn’t matter, but I hated it, I hated keeping things from you, and I’m so sorry Sirius, really. I didn’t know what I was doing. Obviously,” a self deprecating laugh that Sirius absolutely despises. “I should have come to you sooner, I just, I don’t think I realized what was really happening until it was too late, you know?”

Sirius nods slowly. “Regulus is good at hiding shit,” and then: “Probably useful thing to know as his boyfriend,” a little more sharply than strictly necessary.

James winces. “I—sorry. Sorry.” Sirius isn’t sure either of them know exactly what he’s apologizing for now.

“You shouldn’t have lied to me,” Sirius repeats.

“I know.”

“But I don’t—I don’t care about—it was a shock, but like, I don’t really care. About you two being together,” it is incredibly difficult to get those words out.

James looks genuinely surprised by this, his eyes going all big behind his glasses, it’s almost enough to make Sirius laugh. “Really?”

“Sure,” Sirius shrugs, and then, making a face. “But if I so much as hear you imply you’ve seen my brother naked I will actually throw-up on you. Like directly on you. So. You’ve been warned.” 

James huffs. “Understood,” but the humour quickly fades from his expression, James dropping his eyes back down to the table. “Not sure it really matters anymore.”

“Why?” Sirius arches his brow. “You breaking up with my little brother? Cause that’s gonna make hanging out pretty awkward.”

James gives him a pathetic imitation of his smile. “He—uh—he still hasn’t talked to me, since…”

“Ah,” Sirius’s passes the mug in front of him between his hands a few times before: “Well, he’s good at that too.”

 

 

Regulus

“Is there a reason you find talking about him in particular so difficult? More difficult than just discussing your sexuality in general?”

Regulus shrugs. “I just don’t have anything to say,” lie, lie, lie. And judging by the look on her face, she knows it. This is his own fault really. He never should have told her about James, should have kept him for himself. He doesn’t want to pick apart this particular relationship. Doesn’t want to have to look at the dissected corpse laid out on the table. Naked. Without dignity.

“Regulus?” she’s dipped her head slightly, trying to catch his eye.

He comes back to himself. “Sorry.”

“That’s alright,” and when he doesn’t say anything back: “Is it that you don’t want to talk about him? Or that you can’t?” One of the things he has grown to quite like about Andrea, is that she understands the difference. Understands that “can’t” is something big for Regulus. Something that feels like an insurmountable brick wall. That some days he finds himself slamming into. Over. And over. And over. And—

“I’m afraid,” he says finally, frowning before he looks away. There’s an apartment building across the street, sometimes he can see the people inside, going about their lives. All looking so small in their tiny little boxes. It makes the world feel painfully big. Painfully lonely.

“Afraid?” Andrea prods. “What are you afraid of?”

He bites down on his lower lip. Chews it up real good. “That it wasn’t real,” the words a secret. “That I made it all up. Or if I didn’t, then I made up…how much he…I made up the way he would look at me. The way he would touch me. I’m scared that the more I talk about it the less likely it is that it actually happened,” he shakes his head, laughing a little. “I know that doesn’t make any sense. I don’t even think I can explain it better. It’s just like…this…feeling, in my stomach. Like I—I don’t know—I cheated fate or something, and if I talk about it than the universe will notice it made a mistake and take it away from me,” his mouth is forming a grimace before he even finishes. “I swear I know that sounds crazy. I do.”

Andrea takes her time responding, always happy to let him sit in the humiliation of his confessions. She’s a vindictive bastard.

“You talk about it in the past tense,” she says finally. “You and him. Why?”

Regulus finally looks back at her, brow arched. “Why? I had a full fucking—I don’t even know what to call it—break down? He didn’t sign up for this.”

“You think he wants out?”

“Oh I’m sure he wouldn’t say that,” Regulus sounds almost bitter. “I’m sure he’d stick around. He’d think it was the right thing, you know? James Potter always does the right thing,” that definitely sounded bitter. “But I don’t believe he really wants me now.”

She gives him a kind look. “Did you ever, though?”

Regulus blinks. “What?”

“Did you ever let yourself believe that he wanted you?”

Regulus opens his mouth and then closes it again. No, is the answer, of course. They both know it is so, really, saying it out loud is pointless. No, he never believed James wanted him. Never believed they would last.

“Regulus,” she leans forward. "Can I make a bold, radical suggestion?” 

He sighs. “I suppose that is your job.” That makes her smile a little. 

 “Maybe," she goes on. "You should try talking to him?”

 

 

Sirius

“Is he—“ James cuts himself off, fidgeting with one of the sugar packets on the table. Any minute it’s going to explode everywhere, Sirius just knows it. “Is he okay?” James finally manages to ask. His voice wavers, like it’s being dragged across something sharp. Something burning hot. Like it’s covered in bruises. 

“Yeah,” Sirius manages. “Yeah, I think so. Or, you know, he’s getting there.” He’d tell him about the therapy. About the visits to the nutritionist. The anxiety meds. But he doesn’t think that’s really his place. 

James nods. “Good,” voice strained. “That’s good.”

Sirius watches his best friend wrestle with a Splenda packet for a few more seconds before: “He’s gonna be staying with me this summer. He’s not going back to our parents.”

“That’s—yeah, that’s a good idea,” James is nodding, but there’s confusion in his expression. “I’ll let my mom know to get the other guest room ready.”

It is work for Sirius not to grimace. This is the part of this conversation he had actually been dreading. “I—uh—I think we’re gonna stay here this summer. In the apartment.”

The fidgeting stops.

“Oh,” James manages, and then, expression breaking. “Sirius—“

But Sirius shakes his head. “No, listen, I owe you an apology too.”

James blinks a few times. “What?”

“I’ve been…I’ve been leaning on you a lot these last few years. I—I needed someone to take care of me I think, and you—“ he laughs wetly. “You’re so good at it.”

James reaches across the table, hand grabbing Sirius’s forearm, squeezing. “I wanted to. I want to help. It was never work Sirius, being there for you. Never.” Oh boy, do those words make a mess of Sirius’s insides.

“But it wasn’t fair,” he manages finally, whispering for reasons he can’t understand, the two of them leaning closer. Practically crawling across the table. “And I know Regulus did basically the same thing this year.”

“I really don’t care Sirius,” James says vehemently. “I like taking care of you. I want to take care of you. Both of you.”

Sirius gives him a sad sort of smile. “But what about you? Who takes care of you?”

To his best friend’s credit, he doesn’t hesitate. “You do. You take care of me. It’s you and me, remember? It’s you and me.”

It’s you and me.

You and me.

You and me.

God, he really wishes they weren’t in a coffee shop right now, he feels like he’s going to start crying like a fucking baby any second.

“Okay,” Sirius manages finally, words shaking. “Then consider this me taking care of you,” James looks like he’s going to protest but Sirius doesn’t let him. “We have to learn to stand on our own James. We just—we have to,” and then, “I need you to believe in me okay? I need you to believe I can do this.”

There’s a long moment, the pair just staring at one another across the table before James’s mouth twitches upwards, even if his eyes are still a little sad. “You’re Sirius fucking Black,” he says, quiet enough that only Sirius can hear, their foreheads practically touching they’re leaning so close. “You can do anything.” 

 

 

Regulus

“Oh, before you go, you haven’t told me what you’re reading this week?”

Regulus rolls his eyes. “You really care?”

“I really care. I promise.”

He isn’t sure when this started. Probably their first session, honestly. When he didn’t want to talk about his feelings he would default to talking about books. About characters, about their pain, their heartbreak, their failures and triumphs. And somehow she managed to wade through that to what Regulus was actually feeling. And yet even now, when they talk about real things, about real people, she still insists on hearing about his books. Perhaps because she knows how much he adores them.

“We Have Always Lived in the Castle,” he says finally, “by Shirley Jackson.” He’d been drawn to it immediately, hidden on the shelves of a hole-in-the-wall secondhand bookshop near campus. The title grabbing hold of him right away, aching in a way Regulus has never felt before. Sirius has told him, that despite how long he’s been away, sometimes he still feels like he’s in their parents house. Like he’s stuck in its walls, screaming to get out. Shaking the pattern. Crawling around the baseboards. Sirius says he has nightmares. And Regulus understands. Regulus understands completely. We have always lived in the castle. 

“What’s it about?” he isn’t sure if she actually doesn’t know, or if she just wants him to talk about it.

“Two siblings who murder their whole family,” there’s a bit more to it, but that’s the gist, and Regulus has always been a fan of brevity. He’s not sure if this is a concerning thing to say to a therapist. Probably. But she just smiles.

“I see, is it any good?”

He wobbles his head from side to side. “Yeah, I think so. The prose and pacing are good, but I haven’t read the ending yet so…who knows.”

“Well, I’ll have to pick up a copy,” and then, “At this rate they won’t have anything to teach you next year.”

It’s official, as of three days ago, he has switched his major from business to english. He hasn’t told his mother yet, doesn’t know if he will. Sirius says he doesn’t have to, but part of him feels like he does. Not for her necessarily, but for him. He doesn’t know why.

“I’m sure they’ll find something.”

 

 

Sirius

“We’re making it to the final round no question.”

“Cocky.”

“You know I’m right. You said it at Christmas, remember?” Sirius shoves James’s foot under the table. “We’re gonna win it all baby.”

James smiles back at him. “Yeah, I know. We are, we are,” still, Sirius doesn’t miss the way James knocks on the table—which he’s pretty sure isn’t even made of wood. “We’re going to win it all.”

They’re grinning at each other like idiots. It feels good. It feels normal. A weight finally lifted off the pair of them. Sirius takes a sip of his now lukewarm coffee before: “Effie and Fleamont coming to watch?” he isn’t sure if this is safe territory or not, he’ll take his lead from James.

“Yeah,” tiny shake in his smile. “Yeah they’re coming, of course. Taken the time off work and everything. I think mom even knitted them matching Godric sweaters.”

Sirius smiles. “Beauty.”

“Mm, don’t encourage her.”

“I will absolutely encourage her.”

James rolls his eyes. “You have to be the one to tell her you’re not coming this summer by the way.”

“Hey! I’m still going to visit like all the time, alright? You’ll be sick of me, just wait.”

“I’m always sick of you,” but he’s smiling, nudging Sirius’s foot back under the table.

“Sure dude,” as the silence settles comfortably between them again, Sirius feels one last thing tugging at the back of his mind. “There’s—uh—there’s actually something else I think we need to deal with though.”

James arches his brow. “Something else?”

“Yeah,” Sirius nods, fidgeting with his mug. “Peter.”

James’s mouth makes an “O” shape.

“Peter.”

 

 

Peter

Nobody sits next to him on the bus ride to the semifinals. Which is a bit of a metaphor for this season honestly. Lonely. Isolating. He steers clear of  Mulciber and those guys, of Rosy and the other rookies, and there’s still a wall up between him and James. Maybe Sirius too, though every once and a while he’ll catch Sirius giving him sympathetic looks. James isn’t angry at him per se. He just…doesn’t trust him.

Which is worse honestly.

So, that leaves him pretty much alone. Ironic really, seeing as that’s the exact thing he’d been trying to avoid. He’s spent years working so hard to be exactly what everyone wants. Specifically what James wants. And Sirius. And eventually, Remus. He’s jealous of Remus, honestly, for never seeming to feel the need to match James and Sirius’s light. For standing so comfortably behind them, like he somehow knows that however far ahead they run, they will always come back for him. Peter doesn’t have that confidence.

Maybe, he thinks, some people are just meant to be left behind.

He’s tired by the time they reach the hotel. Bag hauled over his shoulder as he makes his way lazily into the lobby, listening as Moody shouts orders and hands out room keys. He’s pretty sure he’s going to fall asleep the minute he gets up to his bed, but when he starts moving towards the elevators he feels a hand on his arm.

“Hey Petey,” Sirius gives him a smile before nodding his head towards the boy next to him—James, of course. It’s always James. “Come to our room?”

Peter blinks owlishly at the pair of them, wondering if maybe his sleep deprived brain is having some kind of full body day dream.

“Pete?” James’s voice wakes him up.

“Er—“ Peter splutters. “Yeah, cool. Okay.”

They nod, piling into the next elevator with some of the other boys. None of them really talking. But Sirius and James do stand on either side of him, leaning into his space the way they do, neither of them ever good at boundaries. It makes Peter smile, and he has to bite the inside of his mouth to stop it from getting too big.

Sirius fiddles with the keycard too much and James ends up hip checking him out of the way to do it himself, earning him an indignant squawk from Sirius that has Peter laughing. It’s so natural. So much like before - before September - that Peter is almost able to forget his melancholy from the bus ride.

“You guys wanna watch something?” he asks, dropping onto one of the beds and grabbing the remote, fiddling with the TV. It’s because of the fiddling that it takes him a moment to realize the other two are not quite as…relaxed. He looks over to find James sitting on the other bed, hands clasped between his knees, Sirius standing awkwardly by the wall, both looking at Peter. It very much feels as though they’re about to tell him they’re getting a divorce. Since he doubts that, his chest grows tight.

“What’s up guys?” he asks finally, sitting a little straighter. The pair exchange a look, which does not make him feel any better, because James says: “We thought maybe…we should talk.”

Peter swallows. “Yeah, I’m getting that.” Did he do something wrong again? He flips through his memories like they’re a deck of cards but he can’t figure it out. He’s barely been able to move since the rookie party. Barely been able to trust himself.

“Sirius said that—uh—that you wanted to know about first year?”

Oh. Well.

That feels like a punch to the gut. One he didn’t see coming. Wasn’t expecting at all.

“I—“ but his voice fails him, eyes bouncing between Sirius and James, not knowing what to say. When it becomes clear to all of them that he’s not going to manage more than that, James goes on: “So if you do, if that’s what you want,” he sighs, looking at Peter. “I'll tell you yeah? Whatever you want to know. I promise.”

Peter can feel his teeth grinding, he reaches up and adjusts the baseball cap on his head, strands of hair slipping out messily from underneath. He isn’t sure why he suddenly feels scared. But he does want to know, he is sure about that. Tired of having a black hole in his head.

Eventually, he nods. “Yeah,” and then, taking a deep breath: “What happened after I drank from the cup? I can’t—it’s all…dark.” He taps his temple. 

Peter isn’t exactly sure what James’s expression does—twists seems like the best description. With pain? Regret? It’s the kind of expression that if James made it on the ice Peter would be tempted to tell him to go sit down. Have the trainers look at him.

“Okay,” James says finally. “Well—“

 

 

James

Two Years Earlier (First Year)

He’s impressed that Peter doesn’t instantly throw-up after dropping the plastic solo cup onto the ground. Impressed and glad. The boys would never let him live it down if he did. There’s cheering, of course, the music turned back up to an eardrum bursting volume, and at first Peter seems okay.

James gives him a pat on the back, not sure exactly what to say, and Peter shoots him a nervous smile. There’s a lot of motion, a lot of bodies.

“That was a little fucking intense, huh?” Sirius says, the three of them huddling around one another, closing ranks. James and Sirius pressing to Peter’s sides.

“Yeah a bit.” James has never liked this shit. There was some of it in high school but he always felt a bit more in control in those situations. Here, now—he’s completely out of his depth. “Maybe we should—“

“Hey! Rookies!”  They turn to face Mac who’s standing with some of the older guys, all watching them, sharp looks in their eyes. “Stop french kissing each other and get over here. We’re playing beer pong.”

James has no desire to play beer pong.

But he does.

Of course he does. It wouldn’t look good to turn down the invitation. Wouldn’t make him seem like a team player. And James is nothing if not a team player. Still. He can’t keep himself from glancing at Peter between throws. His friend’s face growing progressively paler, and his stance progressively wobblier. 

When it’s his turn to shoot he misses by a mile, laughter rumbling up among the small crowd that’s gathered around them. James isn’t laughing though, his eyes meeting Sirius’s, and he knows they both have the same pit in their stomachs.

“Pete?” he steps closer to him, hoping the rest of the room isn’t paying attention. “You okay dude?”

Peter blinks at him, eyes a little unfocused. “I—been—maybe, in the middle—” It’s unnerving, listening to the words tumble out of his mouth. It’s not just that they’re slurred, heavy, which they are. It’s that they don’t make sense, they aren’t even really in sentences. Like Peter’s forgotten how to speak.

“Uh,” James feels the panic rising, looking back at Sirius who, thank god, seems to be handling the situation a little bit better.

“Hey Pete, lets sit down yeah?” Peter doesn’t really respond but Sirius doesn’t appear to be expecting him to, wrapping an arm around him and guiding him over to the armchair that’s been pushed against the wall.

Peter is mumbling things but they aren’t really words anymore, not as far as James can tell anyway, he looks pale and sweaty and…confused. That’s the scary bit. The properly scary bit. Sirius crouches down in front of him, worried look on his face.

“Is it—did he just have too much to drink?” James asks, anxiously.

Sirius shakes his head. “I dunno.”

James has heard vaguely of alcohol poisoning, but he doesn’t have any idea what it looks like. Or what you’re supposed to do about it. Go to the hospital? Fuck. Where even is the hospital? They’ve barely been here a month and he can’t drive, he’s been drinking too. Are they going to have to call an ambulance? Will they take Peter even if he doesn’t have his health card on him? Will they call the cops? Will they call their parents? Will they kick them off the team?

“James?” Sirius’s voice snaps him out of his spiral and he looks down at his best friend who is still wildly calm. “Get him some water, yeah?”

Which. Duh.

“Right, right okay.” He moves quickly, grabbing an empty solo cup off the kitchen table and pushing himself towards the sink. His hands are shaking as he holds the cup under the tap, filling it nearly to the top before heading back. The second he steps into the living room again his stomach sinks.

Mac and some of the others have surrounded the chair. Sirius is on his feet, he’s smiling but James can tell from here that it’s forced, can see the way Sirius is doing his best to stand between Peter and the rest of them. Peter who continues to look completely out of it. Gritting his teeth, James steps forward.

“Potter!” Mac barks out, slinging a sloppy arm over his shoulders, causing him to stumble a bit, water spilling out of his cup. “Ooh whatchu got there?”

“Uh—“

But before James can get a single word out Mac is grabbing the cup from his hand and drinking from it. He spits the liquid onto the floor almost immediately, spraying the guys next to him who let out mildly indignant dudes as they scatter out of the way. 

“Is this fucking water Jamie? Nah, I don’t think so.”

“It’s for Pete,” James tries to explain. “The—uh—the last drink hit him pretty hard I think,” he tries to match Mac’s jovial tone. Doesn’t think he quite manages it.

“What? Petey? Petey’s fine, aren’t you bud?” His arm drops from James’s shoulders as he leans into Peter’s space. Peter just kind of squints at him, mumbling again. “Yeah, you’re alright,” he slaps him lightly on the cheek before straightening up and dropping James’s cup on the floor, letting the water spill out. James feels his hands curl into fists. “Actually,” Mac goes on, because of course he fucking does. “Someone get this guy a beer, huh?” more shouting, laughing, cheering.

James shakes his head, picking his cup up off the ground and heading back to the kitchen to fill it up again when he feels a warm hand grip his arm. “You better be filling that up with something stronger than fucking water Potter,” Mac says, voice low, dangerous.

James stares at him. “Are you kidding me right now? He’s fucked up,” gesturing to Peter. “He’s not drinking anymore alcohol.”

“This is a water free zone dude, sorry.”

“Mac. I’m not. Joking.”

Mac squeezes his arm enough to hurt. “Neither. Am. I. What do you think this is Potter, huh?”

And James finds he genuinely doesn’t have an answer to that question.

“It’s a fucking test,” Mac goes on when James doesn’t. “Pass or fail. And you don’t want your buddy here to fail, do you?”   

James blinks at the older boy, eyes searching his face, looking for the joke. The crack of a smile that will let James know that he’s just being fucked with. That Mac isn’t going to actually stop James from getting his buddy water. But there’s none of that. And then something cold starts to work its way down his spine.

“What the fuck was in that cup Mac?”

Now the other boy does smile, but it isn’t at all reassuring. He lets go of James’s arm to clap him on the back. “Don’t worry Jamie, the bitch cup drinker always passes out, it’s tradition. He’ll be fine in the morning.”

“What was in the cup?” he asks again.

Mac only shrugs. “Lot of spit. I can’t keep track of what’s in everybody’s mouth.”

Which James knows is a bullshit answer. He feels like the floor is shifting beneath his feet. Tilting. He doesn’t know where to step here. How to get his footing. He opens his mouth, to say what, he doesn’t know, but then—

“Pete? Peter?” Sirius sounds panicked for the first time. “Hey? Dude wake up.” Peter is slumped in the chair, chin on his chest, Sirius shaking him. A few of the other younger guys are looking on with apprehension but most people barely seem worried at all. 

“Ah,” Mac says, like it’s a joke. “Right on schedule, what did I tell you?”

James shrugs out from under his arm, going to Sirius’s side. “What do we do?” he asks, he doesn’t know why he expects Sirius to have the answer.

“He needs to throw up, I think—I think if he doesn’t—I don’t know. I just think that’s what’s supposed to happen. Like when they pump peoples’ stomachs, you know?”

James nods even though he doesn’t really, maybe it’s something he’s seen once in a movie. Still, it sounds right. He knows when you get a concussion you’re not supposed to let someone sleep. Not that this is the same thing at all.

“Peter?”  he tries too. “Pete?”

“Oi, shove-off,” one of the upper years knocks James aside, and he lets him, because he thinks he’s going to help. Thank god, he thinks, someone is going to do something. And then he sees the Sharpie.

“Hey, not cool dude!” Sirius tries to push the guy away.

“Sorry? You say something rookie bitch?”

“What the fuck did you just call me?” Sirius is on his feet, bumping chests with the guy, and James moves forward, ready to back him up, when—

“Woah boys, cool it,” Mac steps in, which James does not find at all comforting. “He’s got a point Benny,” he says to the upperclassman. “No drawing on his face, coach’ll give us shit for it.”

“Aw, come on Mac. Coach won’t care. He gets it.”

But Mac holds up his hands. “Nah, no face tats,” and then, smiling. “Hey Mulciber?” Nick is only a year older than them, stepping forward out of the crowd.

“Yeah Mac?”

“Take off his shirt.”

There’s laughter.

“What?” James demands.

“No fucking way, leave him alone,” Sirius shoves Mulciber back, only to be grabbed from behind by Benny and put in a headlock. 

“What the hell!” But before James can even take a step he has Mac’s hand planted firmly in the centre of his chest, shoving him into the wall.

“Jesus,” Mac says, laughing while he shakes his head. “You rookies really need to learn your place.”

“We need to get him help,” James tries and fails to shove Mac back. The other boy is older and stronger.

“He’s fine dude, I told you, this always happens. You need to chill.”

Over Mac’s shoulder James can see Sirius, still restrained, Peter’s shirt is off, he has no idea where it’s gone. Benny must have handed off the marker because there’s someone else drawing on Peter’s chest. Or maybe there’s more than one marker. Maybe they planned this. Tradition. It’s weird, because around them the party just keeps going. Music and keg stands and beer pong. Like this is normal. Like James is overreacting. Maybe he is. What does he know.

“Mac, this doesn’t feel—I don’t think he’d like this,” James says weakly.

The older boy eases up a bit, hand migrating from James’s chest to his shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “It’s fine dude. I swear. Just a laugh, a rite of passage, yeah? You’ll see, next year, you’ll see.”

Next year. When James is the one spitting in the cup. That’s what he means. James isn’t sure he likes the sound of that. He feels uncertain though, he doesn’t know what to do here. Everything a bit blurry. He watches them write insults all over Peter’s naked torso. He tries to tell himself that they must know more than him, must know that Peter is okay. They wouldn’t actually hurt him, right?

He isn't sure how much time passes. It feels like a lot. His heart jack hammering in his chest the whole time, telling him this is wrong, even while everyone else tells him it isn’t. He feels hot, a sick kind of sweat sticking to his skin. Peter doesn’t move the whole time. It doesn’t feel right. It doesn’t feel normal. He’s not sure what to do.

“Hey, we’re running out of space here!” someone calls out. They’re talking about Peter. They’re running out of room on Peter. James’s stomach lurches.

“Take off his pants!” Someone else yells back. This gets applause. Whoops.

The guy crouched in front of Peter laughs, shaking his head as he sticks the end of the marker in his mouth and reaches for the button on Peter’s jeans. And for whatever reason, that’s the last straw for James. He pushes away from the wall, past Mac who has stopped paying attention to him.

“Enough,” he says, making his way up to the chair. “Enough!” more forcibly shoving the guy currently trying to strip his friend out of the way. He can feel the tension in the room, the eyes on him, the whispering.

“Seriously Potter? Can’t you take a fucking joke?”

James ignores him, pulling Peter’s pants back into place. He doesn’t know where his shirt’s gone.

“Dude, lighten up,” the guy tries to grab at him but then Sirius is there, shoving him back to the ground.

“Don’t fucking touch him,” Sirius snaps.

James is barely paying attention as people shout at him, at Sirius. He awkwardly gets himself under Peter’s arm, hauling him over his shoulder and standing up with difficulty. There are shaking heads, and rolling eyes, but no one tries to stop them again. Not even Mac. Maybe they’ve finally gotten bored with this, James doesn’t care, doesn’t stop to ask questions. He feels overwhelmed by shame but he doesn’t know what for. For letting this happen? For not letting it happen?

They go back to the residence building because James doesn’t know where else to go. He’s on his way to Peter’s room when Sirius grabs him by the elbow and tugs him into the bathroom.

“He needs to throw-up.”

“He’s unconscious.”

“Just—here—bring him here.”

They end up in one of the stalls, holding Peter up over the toilet, Sirius with his fingers down his throat. It’s awful. It’s awful. This horrible rotting sick feeling in James’s stomach. Fear. And the desire to call his mom. To have an adult to tell him what to do. To take charge. To take responsibility. To promise that things will be okay.

James really doesn’t think it’s going to work. But eventually, it does.

Peter’s sick.

He’s sick for hours.

Coming in and out of consciousness.

At some point Sirius falls asleep. But James never does. Sits there with his hand on his friend’s back feeling like he has no idea who he is. But knowing who he doesn’t want to be. Not ever.

He won’t be Mac.

He won’t.

He won’t ever make anyone else feel this fucking small. 

 

 

James

Present Day

The room is silent. None of the three boys talking. Moving. Sometime during the telling of the story Sirius took off his jacket and sat down on the end of James’s bed. James can feel Sirius’s eyes on him. Peter’s too. He can’t look at either of them.

“I let you down,” he says finally, voice a little strained. “That’s why I never—I didn’t want to talk about it. I was ashamed.” I’m supposed to take care of you. Both of you. All of you. But I was eighteen. And I didn’t know what to do. “That wasn’t fair to you though,” he finally forces himself to look up from the hands clasped between his knees. Meeting Peter’s gaze. “I’m sorry.”

The silence stretches on long enough that James’s heart starts stuttering in his chest. Starts whining. And then: “It wasn’t your fault.”

He grimaces. “Peter—“

“It wasn’t your fault.”

“I should have done more.”

Peter shakes his head, hand ghosting over his chest, the places they marked his skin. “It’s okay. You did your best. It’s okay,” and then, “I’m sorry about Rosy.”

James nods. “I know.”

“I thought it would fix things.”

“What things?”

Peter’s hand is still rubbing at his sternum. “I don’t know exactly…I thought—I thought it would make me feel less scared, maybe? It’s like there’s this…dread, you know? Every time I’m in that locker room. Like I’m afraid to take my shirt off. I used to fucking love the locker room, the boys, shooting the shit,” he shakes his head. “I thought it would help. It didn’t. Even if it had, I shouldn’t have done it.”

The problem with people. With being human. Is that sometimes, you do the wrong thing. Sometimes you hurt. And you can’t take it back. And you can’t make it better. You just have to keep living. You just have to wake up every morning with the heavy knowledge that you had a choice and you chose wrong. And maybe you try to make amends. Or you try to forget. Or you try to set it on fire. But one way or another you’ll have to figure out how to live with it. That truth. That inescapable reality.

James knows that.

He gets it.

He stood in the middle of a party with his captain’s hand on his shoulder and did the wrong thing.

“Okay,” he manages finally. Peter looks up, their eyes meeting. “That’s—yeah, okay Pete.”

Peter’s mouth wobbles. “Thanks.” Like that’s all he’s needed. Like this is all he’s needed. To hear it. To know. Like the weight of buildings. Empires. Have been lifted from his shoulders. There’s only a beat of silence, Peter and James both staring at one another, before Sirius is on his feet.

“Alright assholes, group hug, c’mon,” he opens his arms wide, and when the other two boys blink up at him in surprise he waves them impatiently. “Vite Vite, lets go, bring it in.” 

James manages a choked kind of laugh, him and Peter both getting up, the three of them wrapping their arms around each other. It’s like they’re on the ice. Like they’re in James’s backyard. He feels so old and so young all at once. He holds his boys closer.

 

 

They do end up watching a movie, all squished on one bed. Peter’s elbow digging into James’s side, Sirius’s legs taking up too much space. They order room service and get crumbs all over the sheets. They press close, leaning on one another. A three headed monster. It feels right. Like this is exactly where they’re supposed to be. Peter falls asleep before the end of the movie, head lolling onto James’s shoulder, getting drool on his sweater.

“I forgot,” James finds himself saying, as the credits roll and Peter snores softly. He feels Sirius turn to him.

“Forgot?”

James nods, not quite looking at him. “I forgot how much you came through that night. You really—you knew what to do.”

There’s a small pause, both of them speaking in hushed voices. “Just following your lead Captain.”

But James shakes his head. “I was a mess.”

“Nah, you weren’t. You’re the one who got us out of there.”

That’s only technically true. “Even with Rosy,” he goes on. “You were so calm. You gave me your phone. People think it’s me who’s good in a crisis but it’s not. It’s you. I can always count on you.”

He can feel Sirius watching him. The silence stretching on. He’s not sure what he’s thinking. And then: “I’m your winger,” such a simple statement. James finds himself laughing a little, finally looking back at him. “You’re my centre and I’m your winger. I’m at your side. Always. That’s where I want to be.”

“At my side.”

Sirius nods. “Always.”

“Always.”

“Yeah,” and James doesn’t doubt for a second that he means it.

“It’s the same for me, you know that right?” he asks. “I’ll always be there.”

Sirius smiles. “My centre.”

“Yeah,” James smiles back. “Your centre.”

 

 

Barty

The semifinals are rough. Riddle is still out due to injury and the rest of the guys are varying levels of pissed off at Barty. He doesn’t blame them, of course, mostly just tries to stay out of their way, keep to himself, keep his head down, play hard. It’s a miracle they make it through honestly. Which stings. They’ve been one of the best teams in the division for most of the season and now they’re scraping by on ugly, dirty overtime wins. Still, they are scraping by. And that’s something. Riddle will be back for the finals, Barty’s father spending extra time with him on the ice. He gets home late and leaves early. Barely talks to Barty.

It’s fine.

It’s okay.

It’s lonely. But then. Barty is used to being alone.

“Hey Bee,” he smiles when he hears Evan’s voice, but only because no one is around to see, not even Evan. His father isn’t home and he’s currently sitting on the floor, in the dark of his bedroom, phone pressed to his ear.

“Hey,” he manages. There should be more, but there isn’t. His mouth stays hopefully open for a moment before finally closing. He said he would call. So he does. But he’s no good at it. No good at talking. At feeling. At being with someone.

He hears rustling on the other end of the phone, tries to imagine Evan’s room, his bed. The way it felt to be there with him. “You okay?” Evan asks finally.

Barty lets his head fall back against the wall behind him. Staring out at the dark room. “Sure.”

“Bee.”

He smiles a little. Evan never could leave well enough alone. “I’m fine. I made a mess, I’m dealing with it. Just a few more days until the season’s over and then—“ well. And then.

“You’ll come to the farm?” Evan asks, helpfully filling in the blanks.

“If you want me to.”

He hears Evan make an unimpressed noise on the other end. “You know I do.”

“Then I’ll come.”

“Good.”

“Good,” he repeats, only a little mockingly.

“And you’ll stay over?”

Barty rolls his eyes. “My house isn’t that far.”

“I know where your house is,” there’s a pause and then: “Stay with me.”

He’s so fucking pathetic when it comes to Evan. It’s embarrassing honestly. “Okay.”

He can practically hear Evan smiling on the other end. “Now see? Was that so hard?”

“Was what so hard?” Barty picks a piece of lint off the knee of his jeans.

“Letting me love you.”

He feels his heart give a little twitch. He knows, of course, that those words have already been said. Been traded between them. That he started it. But it still gives him a jolt every time Evan says them. And of course, once you give Evan Rosier the permission to say something he says it all the time.

“It was excruciating actually,” Barty finally says, making Evan laugh on the other end.

“That’s my boy.”

Barty shakes his head, wondering what the hell he’s gotten himself into. And how he can be in it always. Outside it’s raining, drops tapping lightly on the window, the sound of cars splashing through puddles drifting inside. Barty closes his eyes and breathes. Tries to let it go. Tries to loosen his grip. It’s not until Evan speaks that he realizes how long it’s been.

“You’re quiet.”

“I’m always quiet.”

Evan hums unhappily. “Bad day, huh?”

Barty refuses to think about the looks in the locker room. Or his father’s empty office this morning, when he tried to bring him breakfast. Refuses to think about the fact that this is the first time he’s spoken to someone all day.

“What do you need?” Evan asks softly, after another unacceptably long pause.

Barty squeezes his eyes shut, exhaling. “Just…talk.”

And Evan doesn’t seem to need anymore instruction than that. Instantly prattling on about the horrible meal hall food and Cerci’s insane roommate and being bag skated the other day for laughing too loud in practice. He fills Barty’s empty room with noise. And light. And warmth. And slowly, Barty feels the tension in his chest start to loosen.

 

 

Regulus

Regulus told Sirius he would come to the finals if they made it there. Which they all knew they would. Regulus had said so himself, months ago, sitting in a shitty diner across from James Potter.

“I think you’re going to take it.”

“You wanna know a secret?”

“What?”

“I think we’re gonna take it too.”

But that’s not why he’s here. He’s here because he told Sirius he would be. And because he has to wave at Evan. He’s not here because of James Potter. He’s not even thinking about James Potter. Can’t think about him, really. Has absolutely no idea what to do with him, so he’s put him in the same box he puts everything he doesn’t know what to do with, and shoved it deep down inside himself. Andrea has done her best to pry it open but Regulus has hands that know how to hold things down. Hold things under. Drown them.

“Over here,” Remus says, maneuvering them through the stands towards a group of vaguely familiar looking people. Regulus feels his stomach churn. He hates vaguely familiar people more than he hates just regularly familiar people. Cerci, predictably, seems to feel the opposite.

“Oooh,” she says, leaning towards him. “It’s like a party.”

Oh joy, a party. Because Regulus has such a great track record with those.

As they slide into the row of seats Remus is immediately engulfed in a hug from a blonde haired girl wearing a bowler hat and patterned vest. She pulls back, smiling and signing something to him that Regulus doesn’t, of course, understand. Sirius has taught him a few words, since he’s currently living with Remus, but he’s still nowhere close to actually being able to have a conversation.

“Regulus?” Remus’s voice pulls him out of his thoughts, and he turns to find him and the blonde girl staring at him. “You’ve met Marlene and Dorcas, right?” gesturing to the blonde girl and the dark skinned girl beside her who is currently talking to Mary. He knows Mary because she works at the coffeeshop on campus and also because Sirius talks about her a lot.

“Hi baby Black,” the blonde girl—Marlene—says.

Regulus does his best not to grimace. He's met her two times before, in fact, neither of which, as far as he remembers, were particularly pleasant. “Hi,” awkwardly. Though before the moment can get too unbearable Cerci leans across him.

“I absolutely love your hat,” she says to Marlene, who beams.

“It’s cute right?” she does a little twirl—or at least, as much of a twirl as the seats they’re currently in will allow. “Lily leant it to me, wore it when she was in a play in high school or something.” She gestures over her shoulder which is when Regulus sees, at the far end of the row, Lily Evans. Lily. Fucking. Evans.

Regulus feels his chest grow tight. Are they back together? he wonders. Is that why she’s here? Has James already moved on? They make sense together, Lily and James, Regulus still remembers that first night at the Leaky. Seeing them side by side. Of course he would go back to her. Regulus’s ribs crowd his heart, suddenly uncomfortably close. Isn’t this what you wanted? he asks himself. You haven’t talked to him in weeks. Were you really expecting him to just wait around? 

“Hey?” Cerci tugs lightly on his sleeve, the conversations around him having moved on. “You okay?”

He swallows with some difficulty. Unable to tear his eyes away from Lily. She’s laughing at something Mary’s said. She is bright and beautiful and Regulus feels the inevitability of this situation pressing down on him. Sirius had said James’s parents didn’t react well to him coming out. He bets the Potters love Lily.

“Regulus?”

“Sorry,” he blinks. “Yeah, I’m—“

“Frank!” he’s interrupted by Marlene shouting and waving her arms, everyone turns to watch as a tall, dark haired boy makes his way up the stairs towards their row.

“Hey, sorry I’m late,” he says, a bit breathlessly. “I was helping Alice bring some of her stuff into the locker room.”

“Oh that’s right,” Marlene snaps her fingers. “I forgot you guys are snakes now,” she grins at him and Frank snorts.

“Not a chance McKinnon. We’re Griffins through and through.” His eyes seem to fall on Cerci and Regulus then, as if just realizing there are people here he doesn’t know. “Oh, hi.”

“Frank,” Remus cuts in. “This is Cerci.”

“Nice to meet you,” Cerci smiles, offering him her hand which he takes a bit awkwardly.

“And this,” Remus goes on, “is Regulus.”

He’s not sure if he’s supposed to extend his hand too, but before he can figure it out he watches Frank’s eyes go wide, and he already knows what’s going to happen next.

“Holy shit.”

“Right?” Marlene pipes up, leaning across Remus. “Uncanny isn’t it?”

“Sirius?” like he can’t find a way to properly ask the question.

“His brother,” Regulus replies flatly.

“Wow,” Frank runs a hand through his hair, blowing out a breath. “You really look alike.”

“Right!!!??”

Regulus has the intense desire to climb out of his skin the same way he always does in these moments. But before he can start to pick himself apart, Remus steps in.

“Personally, I don’t see it. They barely even look related to me.”

Regulus is so surprised by the statement that he actually lets out a startled laugh, turning to find Remus’s eyes on him. The other boy winks.

Thankfully, after that the conversation moves on. They talk about jobs, about school. Sometimes Cerci will cut in, with a question or comment, but Regulus never does. Letting the words waft over him as he watches the ice. Feeling something old in him stir to life, missing what he hasn’t had in a long time. It was never really the game he loved, at least he doesn’t think so. It’s not hockey he yearns for when he looks out at the rink. It’s his brother. It’s his childhood. It’s the years before it all became so unmanageable. He’s not entirely sure what it means to be really, properly, happy. If it’s something that can be quantified—the number of times you smile in a day, the amount you laugh—but he thinks he might have been happy then. Skating around the backyard with his brother. They’ve come a long way, him and Sirius, but he’s not sure that they’ll ever be able to get back there. That time past. Those boys gone. And that aches. 

 

 

They wave at Evan when the players come out to warm-up. Regulus doing his best not to look at James. Or Lily, honestly. Doing his best to put them both in that box of things he’s not thinking about and shoving them down.

The crowd roars to life when the game finally starts. James and Riddle skating out to centre ice, bending close to one another, a ref between them, holding out the puck. The excitement is undeniable. Competing seas of green and gold filling up the arena. Both schools having come out to support their teams. They hold their breath as they watch the puck.

Waiting.

Waiting.

Waiting.

It barely touches the ice before James snaps it back, right onto Sirius’s tape. The Griffin fans cheer. The game is on.

They’re evenly matched teams. It’s incredible to watch. Players weaving in and out of one another. Logic defying passes being made. Hard checks being thrown. No one seems to have the upper hand, the puck bouncing from one end of the rink to the other, the first period ending without a goal on the boards.

“Fuck, that was brutal,” McKinnon mutters.

“James needs to be more aggressive,” Frank’s eyes are still on the ice, even though the players have all left.

“Oh come on, he’s won every face off,” Dorcas counters, leaning across Marlene.

Frank shakes his head. “He’s letting Riddle bully him on the ice. He needs to stop looking for pretty goals and just shoot the puck.”

“He hasn’t had the chance to score,” Regulus finds himself saying. “And he doesn’t want to give up the puck for no reason. When he sees an opening he’ll take it.” He feels eyes on him. He hasn’t spoken in a while so he supposes that’s fair. He shouldn’t have spoken at all of course, but he couldn’t help it. Couldn’t help defending James. Not when he’d looked so dejected coming off the ice. Regulus knows James wants this. Knows he’s giving it his all. 

“I’m with Regulus,” a new voice calls from down the row. He looks up to find Lily Evans staring at him, smiling. “Give James a break Frank.”

The other boy huffs. “I’m just saying, you can’t score if you don’t shoot.”

“James will score,” Lily says confidently. “He always does.”

The next period starts with a fight almost immediately. Sirius gets high-sticked by one of Salazar’s players, the refs—going momentarily blind—don’t call it. So, of course, Sirius feels the need to take matters into his own hands. The pair are dragging one another around by their jersey’s by the time the linesmen get to them to pull them apart.

Sirius gets the penalty. Swearing the whole way to the box.

“Bullshit,” Remus hisses beside Regulus, jaw clenched, fists curled. Regulus reckons the ref’s probably lucky Remus isn’t on the ice right now.

They set-up for the face-off again. Salazar now on the power play.

A minute later the first goal of the night is scored.

 

1 - 0

 

Salazar takes the lead.

Things only get more aggressive from there. Shoving and grabbing and sticking. Insults are growled from the benches and over the heads of refs. Regulus doesn’t have to be able to hear them to know they aren’t playing nice. James stays cool through most of it, face set, hard. Sirius gets another penalty. This time for unsportsmanlike conduct. He said something to Riddle. Regulus has no idea what, but it was bad enough for the ref to throw him in the box.

“Bet you Riddle deserved it, whatever it was,” Marlene says, and Regulus can’t help but find himself agreeing with her.

By the end of the second period Evan is spitting blood out of his mouth onto the ice, Sirius is out out of the box, and no more goals have been scored.

“He’ll tie it,” Lily says, before anyone else can speak. “In the next period, James’ll tie it, you watch.”

And she’s right.

“LETS GOOOOO!” Marlene is jumping up and down as the buzzer goes off thirty seconds into the third period. The new score flashing up on the screen.

 

1 - 1

 

James’s goal, assisted by Sirius. The pair of them smashing into one another, hugging fiercely as the rest of the boys on the ice join in. It’s only a few minutes later before James scores their second goal.

“How’s that for taking shots Frank?” Dorcas asks laughing. Frank holds his arms up in surrender.

 

2 - 1

 

The puck is in play again. Salazar gets it in Godric’s zone but Peter makes the save. More cheers from the fans in gold. Regulus, very pointedly does not clap. He notices that neither does Cerci, and he wonders what Evan has told her.

Sirius gets pinned to the boards by one of Salazar’s D-men. He loses the puck, Riddle on a tear, heading straight for the net. But then Evan is there. It’s a clean hit. No penalty. Salazar loses possession of the puck. And now it’s James’s turn.

He passes to Sirius without even looking, skating circles around Salazar’s blue line. It’s beautiful to watch honestly. Breathtaking. Regulus can’t take his eyes off of him. He gets the puck back, dekes around the opposing players, and—

The buzzer sounds.

 

3 - 1

 

“A hatty!” Marlene shouts. “He just got a fucking hatty! James Potter you legend!”

The crowd is going crazy, if this were the NHL the ice would be covered in hats.

“What’s a hatty?” Cerci asks, leaning into his side.

“Hat trick,” Regulus explains. “It’s when a player scores three goals in a game.”

Cerci makes an “o” shape with her mouth. And then; “But why is it called a hat trick?”

Regulus goes to answer, before realizing he has none. “You know? I actually have no idea.”

The game starts again, Regulus is expecting James’s shift to be over but he’s still on the ice. He must be tired but clearly he feels like he’s on a role. He wins the face off again, him and Sirius moving down the rink. For a game that started so close, it’s beginning to feel like the Griffins are unstoppable. James and Sirius are unlike anything else once they get going.

James is blocked by the defence, circling around and passing back to Sirius. Sirius pushes forward and—

Regulus thinks the whole arena gasps. Everything going still as James is sent careening head first into the boards. Regulus's ears are ringing as he watches the boy in front of him crumple. It’s unnatural, the way his body folds in on itself. A puppet with its strings cut. He waits for James to get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Sirius is there, by James’s side, he’s yelling for help.

The other players move out of the way, returning to their respective sides, watching. The arena deathly quiet. Regulus has never heard a crowd this quiet. Get up. Get up. Get up.

James hasn’t moved, not once, men carrying a spinal board are coming onto the ice. Sirius still at James’s side, he’s on his knees, helmet off. Get up. Get up. Get up.

“He’s okay though right?” Marlene’s voice somehow manages to break through Regulus’s panic, which has grown increasingly loud over the last few seconds. “Frank?”

The older boy has his eyes on the ice, face pale. He shakes his head. “I don’t know.”

They have James on the spinal board, they’re lifting him up, carrying him towards the exit. Regulus thinks maybe there’s blood but he can’t tell. The players tap their sticks, the crowd claps, Sirius skating beside James for as long as he can, following him all the way off the ice and then standing there, watching them go.

“He’s unconscious,” Regulus mumbles, lips feeling numb.

“You don’t know that,” Cerci says gently, but he shakes his head.

“He would have given us a thumbs-up, if he was awake. If he was okay.” He feels sick. He feels worse than sick.

“Regulus?”

But he can’t respond to her, he doesn’t know how to calm down, he doesn’t know how to breathe. People die playing this sport. People die. James—his head hit the boards so hard. And he didn’t get up. James Potter always gets up. Regulus drops his head between his knees trying to take in the air his lungs are currently rejecting.

He feels a hand on his back and assumes it’s Cerci but that’s not who speaks. “He’ll be okay,” Remus says, without any doubt. “He will.” They’re empty words, Remus can’t possibly know that, but Regulus doesn’t bother pointing that out. Doesn’t want to.   

Insanely, the game continues.

The Salazar player who checked James has been removed from the game. James hadn’t even had the puck. It was a maliciously late hit. And the anger is clear—in the crowd, in the players now taking their places. Regulus wants to get out of here. He wants to find out where they’ve taken James. He wants to—he doesn’t know. Doesn’t know what, doesn’t know if James would even want to see him. He looks over at Lily, who’s still here, surprisingly. He would have thought she’d have gone with him.

Someone should go with him.

Regulus is suddenly hit with the terrifying thought that James is all alone right now. He feels himself start to hyperventilate again. As if reading his mind Remus nudges him, waggling his phone at Regulus. “His mom just texted me,” he says when Regulus finally makes eye contact with him. “She’s with him in the ambulance. They’re going to Sunnybrooke Hospital. Do you want to go?”

Regulus blinks. “What?”

“Do you want me to drive you to the hospital?”

He just keeps staring at him, and then he feels his eyes trail back to the ice. Sirius has his helmet on, looking ready to kill someone as he takes his place. Eventually, painfully, Regulus shakes his head.

“We can’t leave without him.”

Remus gives him a weak smile, the fear clear in his eyes. “No,” he says finally. “No we can’t.”

It is immediately apparent that something is wrong as soon as the puck drops. Regulus had no idea why Moody put Sirius back out on the ice. At best he’d be distracted, at worst he’d do something reckless in retaliation. But Regulus was wrong. Because it isn’t Sirius who goes off the rails.

It’s Evan.

“Woah,” Cerci says beside him. “What is he—“ But before she’s able to finish that sentence it becomes painfully clear what Evan is doing.

Riddle doesn’t have the puck. But then, neither had James so, fair’s fair Regulus supposes. Evan slams into Riddle, the other boy hitting the boards before crumpling to his knees on the ice.

“Oh fuck,” Cerci hisses beside him, hands coming up to cover her mouth.

Evan is standing over Riddle, Regulus thinks he might be shouting at him but it’s hard to tell from this angle. The linesmen are moving towards them, no doubt ready to pull Evan off. He doubts Evan will see any ice for the rest of the game. But then. Someone gets to him first. 

Lestrange crosschecks Evan in the back, sending him onto the ice right along with Riddle. Cerci makes a distressed noise beside him as Lestrange raises his stick again. Looking very much like he’s about to bring it down on Evan’s neck.

“No,” Regulus thinks he says, though it’s so hard to tell, the arena has irrupted around him and he can barely hear himself think. He can’t watch this. He can’t watch—

A fourth body collides with Lestrange, knocking the stick out of his hands and throwing him into the glass. Barty Crouch takes his teammate’s jersey in his hands and gives him a vicious shake. The pair grappling with one another. Pushing and pulling—helmets come off. Gloves. Lestrange tries to throw a punch but it barely seems to touch Crouch, who returns the hit tenfold. Again. And again. And Again. Regulus thinks Lestrange might have lost some teeth after the third one.

He watches Evan, still on the ice, reaching out, like he’s trying to stop Barty, but before he can Riddle swipes at him with his skate blade. And a second later the two of them are going at it, rolling around on the ice.

“Where the fuck are the refs?” Regulus demands, all of this happening so quickly he can barely follow, his thoughts running a mile a minute, heart pounding in his chest.

“Um,” Cerci says nervously from beside him. “I think they’re busy.”

“What?” he looks at her and then follows her gaze to the other end of the rink, which is when Regulus realizes that both teams have jumped the boards and stormed the ice, creating a massive, bench clearing brawl.

“Holy shit,” Regulus watches the chaos wide-eyed.

“Is this normal for hockey?” Cerci asks, sounding slightly panicked. There is something undeniably frightening about the violence, about he way it’s bleeding into the crowd that was already tense after James’s injury. Things are being thrown onto the ice, people shouting at one another in their seats. The linesmen and refs are doing their best to take control of the situation on the ice but they’re pathetically out numbered.

“Guys,” Regulus thinks it’s Dorcas who speaks but he’s not sure, unable to take his eyes off the scene unfolding in front of him. “I think we should get out of here, this is starting to feel like the beginning of a fucking riot.”

Regulus’s eyes scan the fighting, looking for Sirius. It takes a second, but eventually he spots him. Going at it with one of his own teammates—Mulciber. He watches them throw each other around, Mulciber kneeing Sirius in the stomach, making him double over, choking. A sharp flash of fury cuts through Regulus. And before he knows what he’s doing he’s standing.

“Regulus?” Cerci asks, but he pushes past her, out onto the stairs.

“Regulus!” that’s Remus, but he doesn’t acknowledge him either.

It’s chaos. Some people clearly trying to leave, dozens more pushing towards the glass with their phones outstretched, filming all of this. No doubt it’ll be viral before they even get out of the arena. He manages to move towards the tunnel that leads to the Griffin’s locker room. There’s a barrier between it and the stands, Regulus pushes his way down as close to ice level as he can get, amidst all the action no one seems to be paying much attention to who is supposed to be where. He doesn’t let himself think, placing a hand on the top of the metal barrier and vaulting himself over. Falling eight or ten feet. He lands on his hands and knees, pain shooting up his shins as he half crawls and half stumbles back up. 

The people who’d seen him shout, but he doesn’t listen, doesn’t look back, pushing himself forward and towards Godric’s bench, now empty, with all its players on the ice. If everyone weren’t watching the fighting he doesn’t think he would have gotten away with this, but as it is, no one seems to notice what he’s doing until he’s stepping onto the ice.

“Hey! Who the fuck is that kid?!” he thinks he hears Moody shouting behind him.

His feet nearly fly out from under him the second he touches the rink, luckily he’s ready for it. He spent his childhood on the ice, he knows how it feels under his running shoes. He shortens his steps, half-jogging, half-shuffling his way across the ice. It’s absurd really, him skidding between wrestling hockey players. All of this is fucking absurd. But he doesn’t stop, doesn’t turn around, Mulciber’s back coming into view as Regulus just narrowly avoids being taken down by a flailing hockey stick. Mulciber and Sirius have each other by their jerseys, trading punches, neither of them able to get a good enough grip to really land anything substantial.

Mulciber, who is already taller than Regulus, has a significant advantage now that he’s in his skates. So really, given his relatively shaky balance at the moment, and the current height difference, Regulus figures just about the only thing he has going for him is the element of surprise. Like jumping over the barrier, he doesn’t give himself the chance to think. To consider all the ways this could go wrong. All the reasons it shouldn’t work. The minute Mulciber is within reach Regulus practically leaps onto his back, getting his arm around Mulciber’s neck in something vaguely like a chokehold. A strangled noise comes out of Mulciber, and he lets go of Sirius, but Regulus doesn’t have much time to feel good about that, because it becomes immediately apparent that Regulus’s surprise attack has caused Mulciber to lose his balance, and a second later Regulus finds himself slamming into the ice, all two-hundred pounds of Nicolai Mulciber landing on top of him.

The air is punched out of his lungs, his vision going blurry, making it suddenly hard to tell which way is up or down. He feels the mountainous weight lift off of him as he’s still trying to blink the world back into focus. He knows that’s not good. Knows it means Mulciber has recovered and is, probably any second, going to start beating the absolute shit out of him. He tries to make himself move, even just to curl into the fetal position, but his body doesn’t seem to be back online yet. 

The first solid thing he’s able to focus on is a hand. He flinches at first, assuming its aim is to cause him some sort of bodily harm. But then it wiggles its fingers, and Regulus, squinting, is able to follow those fingers to their wrist, arm, shoulder, neck, and finally—

“Come on Reg,” Sirius says, hovering above him. “Up you get, lets go.”

Regulus blinks a few more times before, finally, managing to move his arm. To take Sirius’s hand, groaning as his older brother pulls him to his feet, holding Regulus’s side to steady him.

“You alright?”

Regulus nods, head swimming a bit, but otherwise he thinks he might actually be okay. When he meets his brother’s eyes Sirius grins at him, mouthguard lost, teeth covered in blood. “You’re on the ice.”

Regulus huffs. “I’m on the ice,” and then: “Mulciber?”

Sirius’s grin only widens, nodding his head to the ground beside them where Regulus finds Mulciber flat out on his back.

“You softened him up for me,” Sirius says cheekily.

“Right,” Regulus thinks he’s about to say something else when an amplified voice cuts across the rink.

“Alright, everyone put your hands up now, in the air, lets see them!”

Sirius’s eyes go over Regulus’s head and grow wide, a second later Regulus sees why. Uniformed police officers are making their way onto the ice, grabbing hockey players and hauling them off.

“Oh,” Regulus watches in mild panic. “Oh fuck.”

 

 

Barty

His jaw is sore.

So are his fists.

The cops ask him a few questions—mostly his name, contact information. There are too many people and too much going on for them to really properly interview anyone. Or charge anyone for that matter. But there is the very clear implication that he will be contacted later.

He doesn’t care.

Doesn’t care if he’s charged. Fined. If he has to do community service. He’d do it again. Has half a mind to hunt down Lestrange and get in a few more hits now. Get his hands around his neck. Fucking kill him. That’s what his plan had been, if you could call it a plan. He saw him knock Evan down, and then he saw him raise his stick. And all he could think was: I will tear you apart. I will break your bones. I will eat you.    

He doesn’t hunt down Lestrange, however. Still half in his gear, he starts making his way through the chaotic arena towards Godric’s locker room. He does make sure to take his jersey off first however—no need to advertise that he’s the enemy. There are some parents and family members standing around near the mouth of the hallway, scolding their sons or cradling their injuries. More cops too, of course. Barty searches the crowd for Evan—usually not that difficult a person to find given what a fucking giant he is.

Barty doesn’t know how badly Evan was hurt, that’s the thing that’s making something with claws tear up his chest. They didn’t have time to talk. There was fighting and then there were strong arms and men in uniform and yelling and Evan was being dragged in the opposite direction. He tries to move his way closer to the locker room, but the small hallway is packed and it’s hard to get anywhere. He’s still a good few paces away from the door when he hears someone calling his name.

“Barty!”

He turns his head just in time to see Cerci running towards him, her arms immediately wrapping around him, holding him tight, face buried in his chest. For a second he has no idea what to do, feeling a little stunned, before finally managing to hug her back.

“Uh, hi.”

“How are you? Are you okay?” she pulls back, hands going to his bruised face. All he can do is blink down at her. “You’re a superhero you know that? When I saw that asshole lift his stick I—“ her voice breaks and she shakes her head. Like she doesn’t even have the words for that fear. Barty understands. He’d felt it too. “But then there you were,” she smiles at him, not the bright, sparkly one he’s been on the receiving end of before, but softer. Rawer. “Are you sure you’re okay?” she asks after a small pause. 

“Er—“ and then, clearing his throat. “Yeah—yeah, he didn’t really get me much.”

“You kicked his ass.”

That startles a laugh out of him. “I tried.” She finally lets him go, as if only just realizing she was still holding him.

“I’m glad you’re okay.”

And the thing he can’t understand, is how much it feels like she means it. He still finds it difficult to wrap his mind around the fact that Cerci doesn’t hate him. He thinks that she should. He’s inexplicably happy that she doesn’t.

“Thanks,” he finally manages. Unsure of what else to say. She smiles at him and then—

“Bee?”

Barty whips around. Evan is standing in front of the locker room, hastily applied bandage over his already purple left eye. He’s in a similar half-dressed state as Barty. And Barty starts moving without even thinking, Evan also shoving people out of the way. A second later they’re colliding, arms wrapping around one another.

“Are you alright?” he tries to pull back, to get a better look at Evan, but Evan doesn’t appear to be a fan of that idea, arms squeezing him tighter. “That crosscheck looked brutal, I—“ but he doesn’t get to finish, Evan’s hands coming up to Barty’s face before he kisses him.

In the arena.

Hallway full of people.

Full of all the wrong kinds of people to be doing this in front of. And he should shove him off. Should insist they go somewhere even a little bit private. But he doesn’t. Instead he lets himself go soft in Evan’s arms. Lets himself breathe.

He’s okay.

He’s okay.

He’s okay.

Eventually Evan pulls back, pressing their foreheads together for a moment before letting go completely.

“Some bruising,” he says, and Barty blinks, trying to focus.

“What?”

Evan smiles. “Bruising, from the crosscheck. Hurts like a motherfucker, but other than that I’m okay. Nothing broken. Nothing internal.”

Barty is nodding. “Good. Good, that’s—“

Evan sees her coming, smiling and opening his arms just as Cerci launches herself into them. “Hey you,” he says warmly.

She has her hands on his shoulders, Evan holding her off the ground as she looks down at him. “That was very badass.”

He laughs. “Thank you.”

“But also terrifying, please don’t ever do it again.”

His smile softens and Barty isn’t sure if he should look away. Maybe he ought to go back to his locker room, shower, change, but when he starts to move Evan’s hand shoots out, grabbing his wrist as he lowers Cerci back down. “I’m sorry,” Evan is saying to her. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”

“Well, if you’re sorry that’s alright then.” Evan leans down, kissing the top of her head. And Barty really feels like he should not be here, but then Cerci goes on. “Good thing this one was there to save your butt,” nudging Barty gently with her elbow.

“Yeah,” both of them are looking at him now, Evan with a dumb-as-fuck smile on his face. “My hero.”

Barty rolls his eyes, shaking his head. “You’re lunatics. Both of you. Completely fucking nuts, you know that?” And honestly, he doesn’t know how it happens, how he ends up being surrounded. Both of them wrapping him up. Pulling him in. He’s awkward and stiff, but it’s been weeks since someone has touched him like this. Since he left Evan standing in that parking lot. And so even though it goes against every natural instinct in his body he lets them crowd him. Lets them squeeze and tug and kiss him. His head. His cheeks. His temples.

Now see? Was that so hard?

Letting me love you.

Still tangled up, Barty hears Evan sigh. “Alright, just let me change and then we’ll go to the hospital.”

Barty’s head pops up, eyes quickly scanning over Evan’s body again. “You said you were okay,” there’s something slightly accusing in his voice, he expects it’s there to cover up his fear.

“Not for me,” Evan clarifies, giving him a soft look. “For James.”

 

 

Regulus

Remus is waiting for them when they get done with the police, Sirius barely dressed—button up hanging open, jacket and tie stuffed in his bag. At least his pants are done up. Remus signs something to him that Regulus is pretty sure is some version of “are you okay?” because the next second he’s reaching out, hands gently taking Sirius’s face. Sirius’s mouth is swollen, lip split, and there are bruises along his torso that his open shirt does nothing to hide.

They look at one another for a moment, before Sirius turns his head, kissing Remus’s palm. Regulus feels the familiar itching under his skin. Unable to stop himself from looking around, seeing if anyone’s watching, though in all the chaos no one seems to notice them.

“I’m all good Remus,” Sirius says finally. Regulus doesn’t think Remus looks particularly convinced but he nods anyway, starting to sign again before seeming to remember that Regulus is there. “Hospital?”

Sirius nods, signing and speaking at the same time. “Effie say anything?”

“Her and Fleamont are there. James is awake, but he’s pretty out of it.”

“Concussion?” Sirius asks.

“Yeah, bad one I think, but they’re still running tests, to make sure there’s nothing else.”

Regulus swallows, throat dry, chest tight. “Nothing else?”

Remus doesn’t hear him, of course, but Sirius does, turning to look at him. “Internal bleeding, fractures,” Regulus doesn’t know what his face does but it must be bad because Sirius reaches out, squeezing his shoulder. “We’ll go see him, okay? Soon as Peter gets finished dressing, we’ll go.”

For a moment Regulus falters. “I—“

But Sirius cuts him off. “He’ll want you there.” It feels like there’s weight in those words, in the seriousness of his brother’s gaze. And he wants to ask him if James and Lily are back together but this emphatically does not feel like the time, so instead he nods.

“Okay,” and then, with a bit more conviction. “Okay.” 

 

 

Hospitals are always much more complicated than people think they are. They are full of wings and hallways and doors. It is easy to lose your way, and convoluted to get where you’re going. Regulus is glad that Remus seems to have some idea because his brain feels too fuzzy to problem solve at the moment, the four of them riding the elevator up several floors before taking multiple turns that get them to one of the many reception areas.

They’ve barely gotten up to the desk when a voice cuts through the space. “Boys!”

Marlene comes flying out of her seat, arms instantly wrapping around Remus’s neck, then Sirius’s, hand flying out to grab hold of Peter as well, who stumbles into the awkward group hug. Regulus shuffles out of the way, wanting absolutely no part of this, noticing the girl Marlene had been sitting with at the game—Dorcas—standing by the chairs. Her hands are in her pockets, and she doesn’t make any move to join the others, instead nodding her head at Regulus who awkwardly waves back.

“Okay Mar, you’re choking me,” Sirius says, the four of them clumsily untangling.

“Sorry—you’re okay though? That was some wild fucking hockey game Jesus Christ.”

“I’m fine,” Sirius says.

“Really? Cause you look like a mess.”

“Gee Mar, thanks.”

She holds her arms up in surrender. “I’m just being honest. Come on, sit down,” she starts tugging on his arm, the rest of them following. The chairs are lined up along the walls, fluorescent lights blinking over head. There’s a middle aged couple, and a girl with a red hoody, but otherwise they’re the only people here. “Mary and Lily are on their way, Frank is staying behind to wait for Alice. She’s got to clean up the Salazar boys,” she shoots Peter and Sirius a look. “Sounds like you guys fucked them up pretty bad.” 

Sirius grins and then winces, clearly his mouth is still sore. “I’d say sorry but…”

Marlene snorts. “Uh-huh.”

“Can we see him?” Sirius’s expression instantly sobers. “I mean, have you—“ his voice wavers.

Marlene quickly shakes her head. “No, no we haven’t,” then looking at Remus. “Effie says she’s been sending you updates?”

It takes Remus a minute but then he nods. “Yeah, haven’t gotten anything for a while though.”

“No, us either,” she motions to Dorcas. “Effie came out to see us when we first got here, ask for my number so she could keep us updated but she hasn’t been out again since.”

Sirius nods, eyes drifting over his shoulder, past the nurses at the desk towards the doors behind them. A second later Remus is tugging on his sleeve. He signs something and Sirius rolls his eyes, but Remus seems pretty insistent, signing again.

“Alright. Alright. Jeez.”

“He’s right you know,” Peter chimes in. “I’m pretty sure if you tried you’d just get us all kicked out.”

“Thank you,” Remus says.

“Try what? Sorry I missed that,” Marlene asks, eyes bouncing between them all.

Remus is giving Sirius a pointed look and eventually he sighs. “Remus is under the impression that I’m going to try to sneak my way into James’s room.”

“Under the impression?” Remus repeats. “Please. I saw the look in your eyes.”

“You did look like you were plotting,” Peter adds, earning him a sharp glare from Sirius.

“I was just thinking about it okay? Is thinking a crime now?”

“It is the way you do it,” Remus says. Sirius attempts to glare at him too but doesn’t quite manage it, fondness creeping in.

Regulus sits quietly next to them, listening to them talk, legs bouncing up and down, hands clasped between his knees as he watches the door behind the desk. He’s not sure what he’s waiting for exactly. He just needs to see James. He’ll leave him alone after that, if he wants, which he probably will. But he just. He needs to know he’s okay. Needs to touch him. To see his eyes. And then maybe it’ll stop feeling like there is a two-hundred pound boulder sitting on his chest.

 

 

Time passes. Slowly.

 

 

Cerci texts him, lets him know she’s on her way with Evan and…Barty Crouch? He hasn’t got the brain power to figure that one out honestly. Effie texts Remus at some point, mostly just to tell him that nothing much has changed. That she’ll come get them when she can. That she loves Sirius, and that she wants him to breathe, that everything is going to be okay. No one comments when Sirius needs to take a minute after that, going for a walk down a nearby hall.

“Regulus!”

His head pops up, the fuzziness he’s descended into receding as Cerci comes into view, and Regulus instantly feels relief.

“Hi,” he says. “Hi, hey.”

He gets up and instantly finds her arms around him, and then a second later Evan is there. Squeezing Regulus’s shoulder, Barty Crouch hovering behind him, seeming slightly uncertain about what he’s doing here.

“You okay dude?” Evan asks.

Regulus swallows with some difficulty. “Yeah.”

“Heard you fucked up Mulciber again.” Evan goes on.

“It was crazy,” Cerci confirms.

Regulus manages a small smile. “It was mostly Sirius.”

“Not the way I hear it. You sure you don’t want to join the team next year? I could use some help out there.”

“Not a chance Rosier.”

“Oi, Crouch!” Sirius calls out, before either of them can say anymore.

Regulus can feel Evan going stiff, feel him shifting slightly, like he’s trying to shield Barty, and Regulus really hopes Sirius isn’t about to start a fight. There’s been enough of that today.

“Black,” Barty replies blankly.

Sirius gives him a once over, looking at Rosy briefly before: “Nice work with Lestrange. I’ve always hated that kid.”

Barty doesn’t smile exactly, but there is something flickering in the corner of his mouth. “Yeah,” he says finally. “Me too.”

 

 

There’s more sitting.

 

 

Regulus isn’t sure what Cerci knows, but she’s clearly aware that he’s a bit too upset over his brother’s best friend. Not that she says anything, of course. She never would. Just presses her shoulder to his shoulder, her foot to his foot, her knee to his knee. He’ll tell her, when this is over. He’ll tell her about all of it. He doesn’t know why he didn’t before.

He tries not to shrink when Lily Evans shows up. There’s more hugging. She goes straight to Sirius, the pair speaking in quiet tones that Regulus can’t make out. The two loves of James’s life.

There aren’t enough chairs now, so some of them are standing. A few people go for coffee runs, snack machines. Regulus doesn’t move. Doesn’t talk. Twitching in his chair as he watches that door. I just want to see him, he keeps thinking. That’s all. I just want to see him. That’s all I need. He should have called James before this. He should have talked to him. He’d been a coward. He’s always a coward. I just want to see him. I just want him to be okay. Please. He’s not sure who he thinks he’s talking to.

It’s a few hours into waiting when his phone starts buzzing. Surprising him enough that he actually startles, making Cerci send him a concerned look. Of course, the minute he sees the name on the screen it makes sense.

“Uh, sorry,” he gets numbly to his feet. “I need to—uh—take this.”

He thinks Sirius calls after him as he walks away but he doesn’t look back, moving towards the elevators, where the hospital is a bit quieter. He’s not sure why he feels the need to answer her now. When he’s been avoiding her calls for months. Maybe his brain is all fucked up from the fall on the ice. He doesn’t know. But either way, he holds the phone to his ear.

“Maman?”

“Well look at that. You answered.”

“I answered.”

“A first time for everything I suppose. Sometimes I really do wonder why we’re paying for a phone you never seem to use.”

Regulus doesn’t know what to say to that so he doesn’t say anything. Leaning against the wall next to him. After a few seconds his mother goes on.

“I need to know when you’re coming home from school? You also haven’t told me how your exams went? I’ve been looking into summer school programs. You’ll have to apply now, but there are some good ones around us here, so it should work out well.”

“Mom—”

“You know, I really think you ought to consider transferring here. Everything would be so much easier. You could live at home, do all your placements with me—“

“Mom.”

“It’s never made sense to me, you moving all the way out there. I mean, I know you want to be closer to your brother but really Regulus, this is the time to think about your future, not—“

“MOM.” He cringes at the volume of his own voice, curling a little more into the wall as people give him pointed looks as they pass by.

“Excuse me?” the threat in those words clear. 

“Sorry,” he mutters, significantly quieter. “Sorry, it’s just that—you weren’t listening.” You never listen.

“There are other ways to get a person’s attention besides shouting at them Regulus.”

“Sorry,” he says again. And then finds himself at a loss for how to continue.

“Well?” sharply. “I’m listening?”

He knows, logically, that she isn’t here. That there’s nothing she can do to him. But deep in his bones somewhere there is a gnawing fear. Of her anger. Of her disappointment. Of her nails digging into his shoulder.

“I’m not coming home for the summer,” he manages finally, voice so thin it sounds like someone is squeezing the air out of him.

There’s a beat.

“Excuse me?”

He decides to press on, in for a penny in for a pound and all that. “I’ve moved in with Sirius so, I’m going to be staying there. And I’m not—I’m not going to summer school. It’s too much for me and I—“

“Too much for you?”

Regulus squeezes his eyes shut and presses on. “I’m going to be doing school part-time starting next year. It’ll take me longer but I think it’s for the best.”

“Now Regulus, think about this—“

“I have,” there’s something pleading in his voice. “I have thought about it, and I just—this is just what I have to do mom.”

He can practically see the thin line of her mouth. “You’re giving up.”

“No.”

“Yes. You are. You’re giving up and it’s beneath you. Who is telling you to do this? Is it Sirius?”

“No—“

“Listen, I know you worship your brother but he doesn’t know everything Regulus. Don’t let him turn your life into a joke the way he has his own.”

Regulus is shaking his head even though he knows she can’t see him. “This isn’t Sirius.”

“It certainly sounds like him.”

“It isn’t. It’s me. This is me. I—look,” he sighs, running his free hand over his face. “I’m not going to come work for you, okay? I’m not going into business, I’ve changed my major—“

“Regulus—“

“No mom. No. No more. This is—this is me okay? This is just, this who I am. I tried to be who you wanted, I tried to live the life you wanted, but I just. I can’t do it,” So kill their fucking darlings, James Potter had said. Because you, Regulus Black, you are the story. “I still want to see you and dad, I still want us to be a family. But you just. You have to be willing to love me like this.”

There’s a long pause, Regulus’s foot tapping on the ground, free hand pulling at his sweater. The hospital moves around him, a dim hum, people passing by, talking down the hall, being called over the intercom.

“Mom?” he asks finally, worried that maybe she’s hung-up on him.

Eventually she sighs. “I love you Regulus,” which makes something in him fall to its knees. As pathetic as that is. Something desperate and needy and grasping.

“Yeah?” love me, love me, love me please.

“Of course,” like it’s obvious. But it isn’t obvious. Hasn’t been obvious. Not for Regulus. Not ever.

“I—“

“But this is a mistake,” his mouth instantly snaps shut. “Me and your father have given you boys everything, and to watch you both throw it away—“ her voice actually cracks, and Regulus feels something in his chest yank hard. “It hurts me more than I can possibly tell you.”

“Mom.”

“Call me when you’ve decided to be less selfish.”

“Mom.”

“Goodbye Regulus.”

And that’s it. She’s gone. Regulus looks down at the phone in his hand, the empty screen. He will not cry about this. He won’t. He knew it was coming. It’s the “I love you” that’s really fucked him up. He thinks if she hadn’t said that, maybe he wouldn’t feel this like a hole in his chest.

“Hey,” Sirius gets out of his chair almost as soon as Regulus walks back into the waiting area, coming over to him, a small distance between them and the rest of the room. “You okay?”

He isn’t sure if Sirius is asking that because something on his face is giving him away or because Sirius was able to make the connection between Regulus getting a random phone call and their mother.

He nods at first, not quite trusting himself to speak. And then: “Yeah.” It’s pathetic that he cares about this, pathetic that it affects him at all. Especially right now. “Just…mum, y’know? Told her I wasn’t coming back this summer.” He tries to shrug, keep it casual.

“Ah,” Sirius says.

“It went about as well as you would expect.”

There’s something sad about Sirius’s eyes and Regulus has to look away. “You want to talk about it?”

No. Never. He wants to crawl inside his skin like a shell and never be seen again. “Maybe later,” is what he says.

Sirius nods, like he understands. Maybe he does. Then he reaches over, pulling Regulus into his side and kissing the top of his head. “Okay,” he says softly. And for whatever reason, it makes it a bit easier to breathe. He can feel people come into the room behind them, but he doesn’t really pay any attention to them until—

“Alice!” Marlene and Lily are both on their feet, the three of them running into one another with a force that nearly sends them all toppling over onto the linoleum floor. Next to them stands the older boy from the game—Frank. He looks mildly amused as he stares at the three girls wobbling about.

“Sorry it took so long,” the new girl—Alice—says, a little breathless as they finally let go of one another. “Took a while to get everyone patched up. Those boys really took a beating.”

“Hell yeah they did,” Sirius cheers from across the room, earning him sharp looks and a lot of shushing from the nurses.

“Not sure it’s something I would be proud of but—“ Alice abruptly cuts off as her eyes fall on one of the other faces sitting in the waiting room. “Oh my god, Barty?” 

If Barty is surprised to see her he doesn’t show it, but then, expressions don’t really seem to be his strong suit. “Hi.”

“I was looking for you back at the arena,” she says, stepping forward. “I wanted to make sure you were alright.” Her eyes seem to do a quick scan of him now. There’s a faint bruise on his chin, his knuckles shredded, but otherwise he looks better than most of them. “Did someone look at you at least?”

“I’m fine,” he says, ignoring her question. “Just bruises.”

She laughs a little, shaking her head. “Christ, well, you’re in better shape than Lestrange, that’s for sure.”

“He’s lucky the cops came to his rescue.”

“Yeah, lets maybe not say that bit out loud,” Evan murmurs beside him, though he, for some reason Regulus cannot fathom, seems charmed by Barty’s clearly violent tendencies.

“Wait,” Alice’s eyes bounce between Evan and Barty. “Is this why you’re here?” to Barty. And then, without waiting for a reply. “Are you Rosier?”

Evan seems slightly surprised to be recognized, “Er—yeah?”

Alice is looking at Barty again. Smiling. “Your defenceman with the beautiful hands?”

Now Evan is looking at Barty too, brow arched, smug smile already beginning to form in the corner of his mouth. “You talk about my hands?”

Barty rolls his eyes, though his cheeks have started to flush, which might be the most emotion Regulus has ever seen him express. “I talk about hockey.”

“Uh-huh.”

“I do.”

“Sure,” like he’s gonna let it go. And then: “My hockey.”

“Whatever.”

“I think you have beautiful hands too.”

“I’m going to leave.”

“Sure you are.”

Sirius leans into Regulus’s side, whispering: “Are they…?”

Regulus shakes his head, looking at Cerci who’s watching the boys in question with charmed amusement. “No idea.”

 

 

More waiting.

He supposes this room is aptly named.

 

 

Lily is currently asleep, head on Mary’s shoulder. Frank apparently had the foresight to bring a deck of cards, so him, Alice, Dorcas, Marlene and Peter are all playing some kind of poker game. Cerci and Evan are chatting, it’s a conversation that seems to require minimal input from Barty, though despite this, he never takes his eyes off of them. Never seems to lose interest or get bored, like he’s trying to soak them up. Sirius and Regulus are leaning against the wall. Not talking. Just waiting. Remus will occasionally look up from the book he’s reading, eyeing Sirius like he’s looking for damage. Getting ready to run to his side the minute Sirius needs him.

Regulus feels like he’s almost fallen into a trance. The anxiety and adrenaline of the first few hours wearing off, leaving him just…floating. The world around him blurry. It’s because of this, that when Euphemia Potter finally walks through the doors he’s been staring at nearly all night, he doesn’t even blink. Brain on autopilot. At least, until Sirius steps forward. They go right to one another, Euphemia wrapping her arms around him, whispering something in his ear that Regulus can’t hear, Sirius nods, eyes a little glassy. If you didn’t know any better you’d think she was his mother.

Then again, maybe you’d think that even if you did know better.

Eventually, they pull back, everyone else on their feet, card games and small talk forgotten. Peter and Remus both step forward, each getting their own embrace from Euphemia. She looks out at the rest of them, one arm still around Sirius.

“Thank you all for being here,” she looks tired, but she still smiles like she means it. Reminding Regulus painfully of James. Both of them so bright. “I’m sorry it’s taken me so long to come out, the test result were a bit slow. James is fine, he has a broken clavicle, sprained neck, and quite a severe concussion, but he’ll make a full recovery.”

There are some relieved faces around the room, though personally, Regulus feels the return of his nausea. The idea of any part of James being broken unbearable to him.

“Unfortunately, because of the concussion, and also because it’s so late, they’ve told me he can’t have any visitors right now. But he should be able to see you tomorrow after eleven am. I’m so sorry, I know you’ve all been waiting for so long but please know we appreciate your love and support so, so much.”

Nobody is particularly upset by this news, Regulus imagines it’s what they were expecting. It must be nearing midnight at this point. They just wanted to know that James would be okay. People start packing up, but before anyone really moves, Euphemia says something to Sirius who nods, looking at Regulus and waving him over.

Stupidly, Regulus points at his chest, mouthing Me? as though there’s anyone else it could be. Appropriately, Sirius rolls his eyes, waving again. A bit uncertainly, Regulus walks towards the small group surrounding Euphemia Potter. She smiles at him, when he reaches her.

“Hi hun, it’s good to see you again.”

“Uh—You too Mrs. Potter.” 

“Effie.”

“Right.”

She smiles again, before: “I was wondering if you would be willing to come back with me?”

Regulus blinks. “I—but—to see James?” he finally manages to stutter. She nods, which only furthers Regulus’s confusion. “You said he wasn’t well enough for visitors?” he isn’t sure why he’s fighting this. Like he hasn’t been standing here dying to see James for the past few hours.

“He isn’t well enough, strictly speaking, but, because of the concussion he’s a bit…confused? And he also doesn’t have much short term memory at the moment.”

Regulus feels his stomach lurch. “He’s lost his memory?” he asks, horrified.

Euphemia reaches out, taking his shoulder, grounding him. “Short term memory, and only temporarily. The doctors expect it to pass sometime in the next twelve hours. In the mean time, however, he seems to think that you’re the one who’s been admitted to the hospital and he’s been quite worried about you. Hasn’t stopped asking to see you since he woke up.”

Shame washes over Regulus, because it is not hard to imagine why James’s brain would be making that specific connection. It makes him feel like some fundamental layer of his protection has been peeled back. “Oh,” is the only thing that comes out of his mouth.

“The nurses say it would better if we could get him to calm down a bit and I’m not sure we’ll manage that if he can’t see you.”

I just want to see him.

See him.

See him 

Oh James.

“But of course,” she goes on. “If you’re too tired—“

“What?” he interrupts, waking up. “No, no of course not. Of course I’ll—I’d like to see him, please.”

She smiles softly. “Wonderful,” with that she turns back to Peter, Remus and Sirius. “I’ll see you boys in the morning then?”

“First thing,” Sirius says, without hesitating.

Regulus looks at him. “Wait, you’re not…?”

Sirius shakes his head. “Technically, they’re not even supposed to be letting you see him,” and Regulus isn’t sure if the guilt is that visible on his face or if Sirius just knows him well enough, but he reaches out and squeezes his arm. “It’s alright Reg, okay?” he isn’t sure either of them quite believe that, but he appreciates that Sirius is trying. “Just…take care of him, yeah?”

Regulus swallows with difficulty. “Yeah.”

They all hug goodbye, Sirius insisting Regulus show him his phone so that he can ensure it is on and fully charged. And then, suddenly, he is being led away by Euphemia Potter. His heart pounding about a mile a minute. He has no idea what James’s parents know or think about him. What James said over Christmas, or what he’s said since having his head smashed into the ice. He keeps sneaking glances at Euphemia out of the corner of his eye, like he’ll find the answers to his questions written across her face.

“It’s just here,” she says, nodding down a short hallway. “A warning, he’ll probably forget everything you say after a few minutes, it’s a bit disconcerting, so just try to prepare yourself for it.”

Regulus feels his stomach twist, but he nods his head anyway. “Right. Okay.”

The door to the room is open, it’s small, the only windows facing the hallway instead of the outside world, the bed pressed to the wall, chairs on either side of it. Fleamont Potter is in one, looking tense as he watches his son. James is sat up in bed, agitated expression on his face. His right arm is in a sling, held tight against his chest, a bandage on his head, IV in his free arm. His face is a bit scratched up. His uniform stripped off of him, blue hospital gown in its place. Regulus feels himself stumble across the threshold. Stupidly, he feels like crying.

But then James’s voice cuts through the room. “Regulus!”

“Er—“ he gives James’s parents a sidelong look, Euphemia now standing at her husband’s side, hand on his shoulder. “Yeah. Hi.”

“Are you okay? What happened?”

“Uh—“

“You were with the doctor,” James rambles on before Regulus can answer. “You were with the doctor and then—and then—“ his face scrunches up, eyes creasing in concentration. “And then I was here and they wouldn’t let me see you and—what happened?”

Regulus opens and closes his mouth but he isn’t sure what to say. He knows what James’s mom told him about James being confused, about him asking for Regulus. But there’s something about experiencing it in real time that is disorienting on a whole other level.

“We told you sweetheart,” Euphemia chimes in when Regulus can’t seem to find his words. “You were hurt during your game.”

James looks over at her, face continuing to scrunch. “Mom? What are you doing here?”

Regulus thinks he hears Fleamont make a wounded noise but his wife only smiles kindly. “We were there, at the arena, watching.”

“Oh,” James says, though it doesn’t sound like that makes much sense to him at all. It’s odd, like he’s seeing them without really taking in what it means that they’re there. Listening to what they’re saying without really absorbing the words. James turns back to Regulus. “But you’re okay?”

Regulus swallows, throat tight as he forces himself to speak. “Yeah. Yes. I’m okay.”

“Really?”

“Yes.”

“Are you lying to me again?”

Regulus’s cheeks go pink, and he can’t look at James’s parents. Can’t imagine what they’re thinking. “No. I’m not. I promise.”

“Promise,” James repeats, and then, after a moment, nods his head. Satisfied. “Okay. Can we go now?”

“Uh—in a bit. We need to rest first.”

James nods again, as though that makes perfect sense, before sitting back against his pillows, eyes getting droopy. Regulus isn’t sure what to do—whether he should stand closer to the bed, or take the other available chair? Except Euphemia is still standing and he can’t possibly take a seat away from James’s mother. He fidgets in place, weight passing back and forth between his feet. Maybe he’ll just sit on the floor?

“Regulus!” James’s voice shocks him out of his thoughts, James suddenly sitting bolt upright in bed. “Where’s Regulus?” eyes wide and frantic. “Where’s—“

“Hey, it’s okay,” he finally forces himself to close the rest of the space between him and the bed. “Hey James, look, look, I’m right here.”

James does look at him, and it takes a moment, like he can’t recognize him right away. But then: “Regulus! Are you okay? What happened?”

He does his best not to let it show how much this unnerves him. Having the same conversation they just had. “I—I’m fine. You got hurt, during the game.”

James just blinks at him, and then, shaking his head slightly. “But you’re okay?”

“Yeah, yes. I’m okay.”

“You promise?”

Regulus swallows, reaching out to grab James’s good hand, giving it a squeeze. “I promise.”

“Okay,” James says. “Okay. I was worried.”

And Regulus isn’t sure why that’s what it takes for him to really understand what’s happening here. That in a moment of fear and panic this is the memory James’s brain latched onto. The one it’s replaying over and over again. How scared James must have been, that night at the hospital. And the day after. And maybe the weeks since. How much it affected him.

Regulus knows he hurts himself. And most of the time he figures that’s okay really, because he should be allowed to. Because he deserves it. But he sometimes forgets, how his self-hatred can turn the people around him into collateral damage. 

“I’m sorry,” he finally manages, voice weak. “I’m sorry you were worried.”

“S’okay,” James says, squeezing his hand back as he leans against his pillows again. “I’m just going to close my eyes for a bit and then we can go.”

Regulus nods, the motion a little jerky. “Okay.” 

 

 

It happens over and over again. James waking up. Afraid. Wondering where Regulus is. Making him promise he’s alright. His mom tells Regulus that it was worse before. That when he wasn’t here they had a harder time calming James down. That he would spiral. Wondering where Regulus was, not able to understand anyone when they told him. In the end Regulus doesn’t sit in a chair or on the floor, but on the side of the bed, James’s hand clutched in his. He makes sure James can see him as soon as he wakes up, gets better at answering his questions. Euphemia tells him he can take a break for a bit, take one of the chairs, try to sleep, but he shakes his head.

He doesn’t want James to be afraid. Not for a second. Not if he can help it.

James starts to close his eyes for longer periods. Of course, never too long. Every two hours a nurse comes in to check on him, wake him up, look him over. They don’t make Regulus move, instead smiling kindly at him as they perform their assessments. Regulus isn’t sure what they think, tries not to worry about it. He still does worry but, not enough to leave James’s side. To let go of his hand. He doesn’t have any real sense of time, or how much of it has past, until Euphemia comes over and taps him gently on the shoulder.

“Hey honey,” she says softly. “Your brother just texted me, him and the boys are on their way. We’re just going to go grab some breakfast,” she nods to her husband who hasn’t said a word this whole time. At least not as far as Regulus can tell. “Do you want anything?”

He blinks, eyes coming back to her. “No, I’m okay thanks.”

She reaches out, squeezing his shoulder. “We’ll be right back.”

He nods, listening to their steps on the linoleum. If Sirius is on his way it must be morning. He yawns, head feeling heavy, skin dry and tight. There’s a stale film lying on top of his skin, his teeth, he can just feel it. He needs a shower and fresh clothes. Sighing, he looks down at where he’s rubbing his thumb across the back of James’s hand. James’s hands are surprisingly soft, and warm, and Regulus finds himself daydreaming about building a home right in his palm. About living between his fingers.

“Regulus?”

He looks up as James’s eyes blink open.

“I’m fine,” Regulus says instantly, before James can get worked up. “You’re here because you got injured at the game, but I’m fine, I promise.”

James just stares at him for a moment, before: “Did we win?”

Regulus blinks. That’s a new one. “Did you—do you remember?”

James’s brows draw together, looking at Regulus like he’s the one with brain damage. “Frozen Four, finals, we were playing Salazar, I scored a hatty. Did we win?”

A laugh bubbles out of Regulus’s mouth, but about half-way through it starts to get all cut up and choked, Regulus bringing his hand to his face as, embarrassingly, he starts to cry.

“Woah,” James tries to lean forward but Regulus only shakes his head, hands still covering his mouth, tears streaming down his cheeks. “Hey, hey, what is it? What’s wrong?” It’s ridiculous how many times James has asked him that over the past few hours. How James has sat here with his head cracked open and his body broken and tried to take care of Regulus. Regulus who hasn’t even been able to work up the courage to face him in weeks. He wants to hug James, to hold him, but he’s worried about his bones. His head. So instead Regulus takes the hand he’d been holding and brings it to his mouth, kissing the palm, the wrist, the knuckles. He’s not sure if he’s allowed to, but the other boy doesn’t pull away.

“Regulus?” James asks softly.

He shakes his head again, clutching James’s hand between both of his. “Your head hit the boards. I watched. You—you din’t get up. You didn’t—they had to carry you off.”

James makes an “ah” shape with his mouth. “That explains why it currently feels like a semi is driving back and forth over my skull.”

Regulus lets out something choked that might be a laugh. “It was really fucking scary,” he whispers.

“I’m fine, I promise.”

But Regulus shakes his head. “You’re not,” he sniffles. “Your brain is bruised and your bones are broken and you’re in the hospital and—“

“Hey, breathe, just breathe, okay?”

But Regulus is still shaking his head, clutching desperately at James’s hand. “I’m sorry that I lied to you,” something complicated flickers across James’s face, and this is almost certainly not the time or place for this conversation, but Regulus can’t help it, the words already pouring out of him. “I’m sorry that I hid things. I’m sorry I made you hide things. I’m sorry that I haven’t called. I didn’t know how. I didn’t want you to feel like you were trapped.”

“Trapped?” James repeats, confused. “What are you talking about?”

“Like you were stuck with me, because I’m—fuck, I don’t know—because I’m sick and you can’t just dump someone when they’re sick. And I didn’t—I told you ages ago, that eventually you were going to figure out that I’m not worth the hassle and I didn’t want to have to see it. I didn’t want to have to watch you feel bad about it. So I just thought—thought I’d save us both the trouble, you know?”

James is staring at him. He looks tired, half propped up in bed, just…staring. And then, eventually: “My head is killing me.”

Regulus instantly feels guilty. “Right, right of course,” he sniffles, rubbing at his face, trying to pull himself together. “Sorry. I’ll go get a nurse or—your parents will be back soon. So—“ he tries to get up but now James is the one holding onto him.

“My head is killing me,” he repeats. “My whole body, actually, feels a bit like it’s just been put through a meat grinder.” Regulus grimaces at the image. “So, I’m probably not going to say this in the best way, but goddamnit you’re so fucking stupid.”

Regulus feels his cheeks flush, “I know. I shouldn’t have brought this all up right now, not when you’re just waking up and in the fucking hospital. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”

“That’s not what I’m talking about,” he sounds weary. “Regulus, come on.” But Regulus isn’t really sure what that means, so he just stares back at James helplessly, and eventually the older boy sighs. “I stood outside your door,” something about the way he says it, the way his voice wobbles just a little, the raw look in his bruised eyes. “I begged you not to push me away. I begged you to let me take care of you.”

Regulus closes his eyes, breath stuttering. “I know.”

“So then how—“

“I didn’t believe you,” eyes still shut. “I don’t believe you.” The truth is easier sometimes, when you can’t see it. Can’t see what it does to the people you care about.

“Ah,” James says finally, a crack. A fracture. A bone that won’t set.

“Do you really want me James? Really? Or do you just want to do the right thing? Just want someone to rescue? Because I can’t just be your good deed. The fucking baby bird you save from the side of the road. I don’t want that. I don’t want to always be that to you.”

Their hands are still clutching at one another, Regulus no longer sure who is holding onto who. His eyes remaining closed. There are noises outside the room—voices, footsteps, wheelchairs. Regulus is pretty sure he’s shaking.

“Regulus,” James says softly, pulling on their joint hands until, eventually, Regulus opens his eyes. “I don’t want to save you, I just want to…love you,” he gives Regulus a sad sort of smile, eyes a little damp. “That’s it. That’s all. Really.”

Oh.

Well.

If that’s all.

Regulus doesn’t know how to respond exactly, so for some reason the first words that come out of his mouth are: “That’s the second time you’ve said you love me.”

James’s smile is maybe a bit sturdier. “I think it a lot”

“Fuck off,” Regulus chokes out, looking away.

“Sorry.”

“You’re so—“

“What?”

“I—“

“Tell me.”

He shakes his head, almost certainly crying again. Finally, after several pointless seconds of trying to regain some kind of composure, he allows his eyes to return to James’s face. “I love you too.”

James gets too bright then. Like this is a gift. It isn’t. Regulus is not a prize. Not deserving of this kind of joy. But he doesn’t take it back. Doesn’t fight it. And James just keeps looking at him like he’s hung the moon.

“Kiss me,” the older boy says finally.

Regulus scoffs, face flushing. “You’re injured.”

“My mouth isn’t.”

“Your parents could walk in.”

But James doesn’t back down. “Kiss me.”

And, well, he’s never been much good at saying no to James Potter. Not really.

It’s a chaste thing, the innocent press of lips. Still, it makes something flutter in Regulus’s stomach, and tingle in his fingertips. When he pulls back he rests his forehead gently against James’s, catching his breath.

“Regulus?” James asks quietly, and Regulus hums in response. “Be my boyfriend.”

Regulus blinks, pulling back slightly.  “What?”

“Be my boyfriend. Be with me. Properly. No more hiding, no more secrets, I’m tired of it. Be with me, okay? Is that…can you let us have that?”

Let us have that.     

He wants to tell James that he’ll regret this. Because it’ll make his future more complicated. His life harder. But Regulus has been giving James Potter outs all year. And every time he’s just dug his heels in deeper. So maybe James is a masochist. Hell, maybe Regulus is too.

“Okay,” though his voice shakes.

“Yeah?”

Regulus tries to breathe through all the fears that are bubbling up to the surface. Threatening to suffocate him. “Yes,” he manages eventually. “Yes, we can have this.”

And then James is kissing him again.   

“Well, this is new.”

Regulus instantly rips himself away, sitting up to find James’s parents walking back into the room. His mom appearing as amused as his father is uncomfortable. Regulus tries to get off the bed, put more distance between them, but James doesn’t let him, holding fiercely to his hand as he looks right at his parents.

“I think my head’s working a bit better now,” he says, casual, like his parents didn’t just walk in on them making out.

“I’m glad to hear it,” his mother is holding a white paper coffee cup between her hands, and she comes forward, leaning down to kiss his forehead. “How are you feeling?”

“Like I just got hit by a train.”

She gives him a small smile. “Yes, I think that’s to be expected. If you could do your best not to get injured like this again, me and your father would very much appreciate it.”

He snorts, wincing a little when he does. “I’ll try.”

“Thank you,” she kisses him again before straightening up. “We should get the nurse to come in and check you out. I’ll be right back, okay love?”

“Yeah, okay.”

She gives Regulus a kind smile before leaving the room. Leaving them alone with James’s father, who Regulus still hasn’t heard speak. He doesn’t break that silence now, looking down at the coffee in his hands, standing awkwardly where his wife left him.

“Dad?” James says finally.

It takes a second, but eventually the older man looks up. His eyes are a bit damp, and when he speaks his words are shaking all over the place. “You really scared us there kid.”

“I’m sorry.”

He huffs, shaking his head and rubbing his free hand under his glasses. “I’m just—“ he starts, before letting out a breath that sounds like it’s been held in for a long time. “I’m just glad you’re okay.”

James tries to smile, it’s a wobbly thing. “Yeah, me too.”

There’s another pause, and Regulus can feel it, feel the moment James’s father’s eyes find their hands, tangled together in the blankets, his expression unreadable. Regulus has to fight the urge to pull away again, to throw himself across the room, because James is still clutching him. Because he promised him no more hiding.

“Dad? This is Regulus,” James says finally.

His father looks up from their hands, giving James a wry smile. “Yes, we’ve met.”

But James doesn’t falter. “He’s my boyfriend.” And despite the fact that his parents just walked in on them kissing, that sentence still makes the air hitch in Regulus’s chest. James and his father stare at one another for a long time, and Regulus can tell there is a weight to this moment he can’t possibly understand. Layers buried too deep for him to see. It feels like ages before James’s father finally nods, eyes flicking back to Regulus. And if his smile is a little awkward, it’s no less sincere.

“Nice to meet you, Regulus-James’s-boyfriend.” 

 

 

Severus

“Come in!” Lucius’s voice calls through his office door. Severus pauses for only a second before pushing on. The older man is sat at his desk, blond hair in a ponytail, eyes on the computer screen in front of him. “Just give me one second,” he says, without looking up.

Severus stands in the middle of the office, hand gripping the strap of his messenger bag. Waiting. He doesn’t feel nervous, though the sweat soaking his one and only dress shirt might suggest otherwise. He’s just impatient. Just wants this over with.

“Anddddd there we are,” Lucius clicks something emphatically on his keyboard before swivelling his chair and facing Severus properly. “Cleaned out your desk then?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good man, you’re faster than the others. I like that about you, very efficient. You’ve been an excellent intern this year Severus, truly, top marks. If you’re ever in need of a reference feel free to put my name down.” He smiles with his too white teeth.

Severus’s grip on his bag tightens, and he feels the need to inhale before he speaks. “Thank you. But that won’t be necessary.”

Lucius’s brow creases. “Oh? Are you changing fields or something? Not switching over to the arts are you,” he laughs. It’s an empty noise.

“No sir, still sticking with business.”

“Well then,” Lucius opens his arms. “Surely I can help you out? You really have done phenomenal work here.”

He’s painfully aware of that, and it kills him a little, to know he’s throwing it all away. But not as much as it would kill him to do nothing.

“I’ve made a complaint to HR,” he says finally, happy that his voice remains blank, not betraying the nerves underneath.

The creases in Lucius’s brow deepen. “A complaint? I’m sorry, I’m not following?”

No. Of course he isn’t.

“For inappropriate conduct with your subordinates.”

The confusion remains. Only for a moment. And then Lucius’s expression melts into something else. “I see. I didn’t realize you were so friendly with Regulus Black.”

Severus ignores that. He’s not interested in having a discussion. He just wanted Lucius to know—know that he didn’t get away with it. And now that he’s done that he’s out. “Thank you for this learning opportunity. It was an excellent experience,” like a robot. He turns towards the door but Lucius’s voice calls him back.

“He’s lying, you know?”

Severus grits his teeth, turning around. “About what?” his father is just like this. He loves to twist things. Is very good at making himself the victim. But Severus knows what a victim looks like. And it’s not Lucius Malfoy.

“Whatever he’s said to you.”

Severus gives him a blank look. “And what do you think he’s said to me?”

Despite Lucius’s best efforts, he twitches, anxiety and uncertainty playing across his face. Seeming to abandon this particular tact, he tries another. “They won’t do anything. I’m too important, and you’re nobodies. Both of you. You don’t matter. Not in the grand scheme of things.”

Severus nods. “Maybe. But they wrote it down, put it in the system. I was there. I watched. Which means the next time you do this shit, and someone speaks up? There’ll be a record. And they won’t be able to brush it off so easy. And eventually someone will have to do something.”

Lucius’s pale skin is getting splotchy. “You’ve made a huge fucking mistake you know that? I could have made your career. Hell, you could have been me in a couple years.”

Severus adjusts the bag on his shoulder, assessing the frightened man in front of him, wearing a suit that probably costs more than his parents’ house. “I used to want that, to be you,” he admits, feeling more confident with each passing second. “But you’re right, that’s never going to happen. Because I’ll never be able to sink low enough.”

He doesn’t look back this time, on his way out the door.    

 

 

Remus

He watches the computer screen, adjusting his laptop, fussing with his hair. The icon tells him that it’s ringing. Ringing. Ringing. His parents appear, sitting awkwardly next to one another at the kitchen table, the camera off-centre, his father’s face halfway out of frame.

Hi, he says. His mother beaming at him, his father slightly more reserved. She says something but he doesn’t quite catch it.

Sorry— he starts, before switching to his hands. What did you say? 

He can see his father shift uncomfortably, but ignores it.

How is James doing? his mother asks.

Good, he’s good. He can’t do much but, he’s going to be alright. He’s back from the hospital now,  we’ve been taking shifts checking in on him, that’s only partially true. Regulus hasn’t left his side since the hospital. He’s worse than Sirius about being sick though. Keeps trying to do things for himself. Won’t rest.

She smiles. You’ll have to tie him to the bed.

We’re trying. Believe me.

Well, I’m glad he’s okay. I’ve always liked him.

Remus snorts. Everyone likes him, you should have seen the waiting room at the hospital.

Full?

Overflowing. And now he basically has a florist shop in his dorm room because people keep sending him“get well soon” bouquets. Flowers are, in Remus’s opinion, about the most useless thing to send to a sick person, but it’s worth it just to see how flustered it makes James—what am I supposed to do with these? he keeps asking Remus, I’ve never gotten flowers in my life. Should I put them in a vase? Where the fuck do you get a vase? Remus smiles to himself just thinking about it.

His father must say something because his mother’s face goes tense and her eyes cut to him. When both his parents stare back at Remus, he knows for certain there’s something he’s missed.

Sorry? What was that?

His father doesn’t look especially impressed at having to repeat himself, but then, he never does.

What happened __ ___ finals was a disgrace. Ah, of course. Remus should have seen this coming. Fighting like that? his father goes on. In _ game ____ important? he shakes his head. That kind of behaviour __ bad for the league. 

It went viral, pretty sure the league loved it, even if they can’t say so officially. And while, admittedly, Remus had not been particularly thrilled to watch the people he cares about get caught up in an out-and-out brawl, he isn’t about to let his father trash talk them either. Besides, they hit our star player when he didn’t even have possession of the puck. What were we supposed to do?

Win the game. Like men.

Remus rolls his eyes, something he knows aggravates his father but he can’t help it. Besides, they did win. Technically. 

His mother, apparently sensing that this is going nowhere good, steps in:  When ___ you coming home ___ ___ summer?

Soon, Remus says. I still have one more exam at the end of the week, and then I think I’ll stick around for a bit, Sirius is staying here this summer, and James is gonna be around for a bit too, recovering. Really, James should have gone home with his parents, but with the way Regulus had been hovering at his side, Remus doesn’t think any of them thought that was going to happen. 

Well, just give me a _____ __ when you know, I’ll make sure to have your sheets washed.

Thanks mom.

There’s a moment of awkward silence, made even more awkward by the medium of the video call. The three of them just politely looking at one another until, eventually, Remus clears his throat.

So there’s, actually something I wanted to talk to you both about, his parents blink at him blankly, but he presses on. Something I wanted to tell you, really, he brings his hand to the back of his head, rubbing at his neck. Look, I’ve been thinking about it a lot, and I’ve done a bunch of my own research and, I just, I don’t think I’m interested in the implant.

He braces himself. Considers shutting his eyes. One of the bonuses of being deaf is it is much easier to ignore people yelling at you. But nothing really happens. At least, not at first.

Well, if that’s what ___ want, his mother says finally, shooting his father nervous looks.

Remus nods, despite the anxious buzzing in his stomach, he is sure. It is.

His father is just staring at him, Remus half expects him to get up and just walk out. But eventually, he speaks: Why?

Remus blinks. What?

Why? I don’t understand. What __ _ missing? Why have you been fighting me on this? It’s completely irrational Remus. 

Remus had been prepared for another shouting match, ready for the old familiar back and forth. But this? This feels like something different. Like his father genuinely wants an answer.

Why have you been fighting me? he asks finally. Throwing his father's question back at him.  

Lyall's face scrunches up. You’re my kid, he says finally. I want you __ have the best life possible. I want __ be able __ give you the best life possible. I couldn’t before, and I’m sorry about that, we didn’t have the money. I can’t imagine how hard __ was for you, growing up. But now I can do something about it. And I don’t understand why you won’t let me help you?

It’s funny, if he tilts his head just right, he thinks he can see it through his father’s eyes. Putting him in regular school, in hockey, being so intense about his speech therapy, not wanting him to have a translator. Those were gifts, as far as his father was concerned, he was bending over backwards to make sure Remus was as normal as possible. Not because he was embarrassed. Not because he was punishing Remus for being somehow lesser than the son he had imagined. But because the only life his father could understand as happy, as fulfilled, was one that looked just like his. And he had tried to give Remus that.

Never understanding.

How much he hurt him in the process.

I told you at Christmas, his father says finally, when Remus remains still for too long. I worry about you, about what will happen when you get older. When you leave school. I’m trying to protect you here. I’m trying to set you up for success.

Dad, he manages finally. I need you to listen to me, alright?

His father looks at him for a moment before nodding his head warily, Alright.

I promise you I understand how much this means, I understand how much this operation has helped some people. But I—I am happy. I am me. Like this. Like this, he repeats with his hands. There are things I want to change about myself, he makes sure to go slowly, watches his father squint, trying to follow along. But this isn't one of them. Maybe the implant would work, maybe it wouldn’t. But it's not really worth the risk for me, because I’m not looking for something to fix this. I'm not saying it's never hard, I'm just saying it's not only hard. I like signing and I've started to find communities, with other people who are deaf. And there's a boy, he almost blurts out, who says I make his world big. Maybe you don’t understand that, maybe you never will, that’s fine, I don’t need you to understand. I just need you to be okay with it. I need you to be okay with me.

There’s stillness for a long time after he finishes, hands trembling slightly. He thinks his mom might be translating some of that for his father, her mouth turned slightly away from the camera, moving quickly. It looks like his father sighs, his shoulders rising and falling on the screen. And then, eventually, he looks very purposefully at Remus, his hands suddenly visible.

Okay.

 

 

Regulus

They’re in James’s bed, where they’ve spent most of their time for the last week and a half since he came home from the hospital. James sleeps while Regulus works on his make-up assignments and take home exams. They keep the lights low or off. The blinds closed. One day Sirius drops off some Christmas lights, hangs them all over the room so they don’t have to turn on the overhead or the lamps. And now the room glows. Sometimes Regulus feels like they’re on their own planet. He’s not sure if it’s bad that he likes that.

James’s shirt is off—it’s off most of the time because he still has his arm and shoulder held in place to let his clavicle heal and he says it’s too much work getting in and out of his clothes. Regulus rolls his eyes at him, but, truthfully, he doesn’t mind. He lies on his side now, head propped up on his elbow, free hand tracing delicate paths across James’s warm skin. The older boy has his eyes closed, faint smile on his face.

“This summer,” James says lazily, as Regulus’s finger drags down the inside of his good arm. “We should go to the beach.”

Regulus hums. “We’ll have to bring about a gallon of sunscreen. I burn easy.”

James huffs out a laugh. “Good to know,” and then: “I can put it on you.”

“I don’t think that’s going to be nearly as fun as you seem to believe. But sure.” For a second he just circles his finger around the inside of James’s wrist.

“We should go camping too.”

“Should we?” up his forearm, to his shoulder.

“We could, you know, stargaze. Roast marshmallows.”

“Get eaten by bears?”

That makes James laugh. “I’ll protect you from the bears. I promise.”

“Oh well, if you promise,” down his side, slowly feeling the bumps of his ribs. The way his chest expands when he breathes in. Breathes out.

“Have you ever been canoeing?”

Regulus shakes his head. “No.”

“I’ll take you. I think you’ll like it.”

Regulus smiles at him even though James can’t see, leaning down and kissing his cheek gently. “I’m sure I will.”

James makes a pleased noise. A moment of silence following, before: “I can’t wait for this concussion to be over. There’s so much I want to do with you.”

Regulus’s fingers make their way to the tops of James’s hip bones, gliding between them. “We have time,” he manages, even though it feels like tempting fate to say so. He still isn’t sure he really believes it. That James won’t grow tired of him. That hockey won’t make it too hard. But he’s trying. Trying to have a little faith. If not in himself, because some days that really is too hard, than in James. James who groans, squirming a bit under his touch.

“Fuck, that feels good.”

“Yeah?” Regulus asks, fingers teasing the band of his sweatpants.

“Yeah,” another groan. “Too good. You should probably—“

Regulus removes his hand and James lets out a frustrated sigh. “This is the worst.”

“You’ll live.”

James cracks his eyes open, looking up at Regulus’s smirking face. Trying and failing to scowl at him. “God, I’m gonna come so hard when my body isn’t broken anymore.”

Regulus shakes his head, leaning down and kissing him—his mouth, his chin, his jaw. “You’re so stupid.”

“Mm, you love it.”

Regulus smiles into the warmth of James’s throat, kissing him there too, just for good measure. “Yes,” he admits. “I do.”

 

 

Sirius

“Did you seriously just bring me to the arena?” Remus asks, as Sirius pulls into their usual parking spot. James let him borrow the car since he’s not going to be driving any time soon.

“Yup,” he says, turning off the engine and undoing his seatbelt before looking at his incredibly unimpressed boyfriend.

“What’re we cleaning out your locker or something?”

Sirius smiles, in that way he knows drives Remus a little mad. His cheeks going pink in front of Sirius’s very eyes. “Better.”

Remus arches his brow. “Better?”

Nodding. “We’re going skating.”

Remus blinks. “Skating?”

“Yup.”

“Is the rink open to the public now that the seasons over?”

“Nope,” still grinning, leaning forward over the console. “I know some guys.”

Remus does not look at all convinced by this. “Sirius—“

Skate with me, he signs, before the rest of Remus’s refusal can make it out of his mouth. I miss being out on the ice with you. Remus is still eyeing Sirius skeptically. So he reaches forward, tugging a little petulantly on Remus’s sleeve because he is not above pouting. Skate with me. 

Remus holds out a second longer before shaking his head and grabbing the back of Sirius’s neck, closing the rest of the space between them. Kissing him like it matters. It’s something Sirius has noticed about Remus—that the intention with which he does everything else in his life bleeds into this. Into kisses and touches and gentle words. Remus biting his lower lip as he pulls back, pressing their foreheads together.

“You’re lucky I like you,” he says finally.

And Sirius laughs, because he knows it. Feeling Remus’s hand slip from the back of his neck to his chest. Feeling. It makes something unbearably soft curl around Sirius’s heart.

“Alright,” Remus says eventually. “Lets do this.”

 

 

For all his protesting, the second the blades of Remus’s borrowed skates hit the ice he’s off. Sirius had forgotten how fast he was, moving with ease around the rink, hair blowing off his face. He does about three laps before he comes to a stop, looking pointedly at Sirius.

“Are you going to join in, or are you just going to watch?” he demands, because Sirius hasn’t moved. Too busy hungrily feasting on every inch of Remus to think about anything else.

“Sorry, coming.”

They skate side by side, sometimes talking, sometimes not, arms brushing, shoulders knocking. At one point Sirius skates ahead, turning backwards so he can see Remus.

Show-off.

Sirius only grins.

It’s all for you babe.    

There’s music playing from his phone, about only half of the lights in the arena on. Remus’s hand is cold when it eventually slips into Sirius’s, and he looks up at him, eyes bright, cheeks flushed. Beautiful. Sirius tugs and Remus pushes and eventually Sirius has him up against the boards.

“Jesus,” Remus laughs breathlessly, Sirius’s hands tangled in his sweater as he pins him in place. Kissing him. Remus’s lips are cold, but they warm under his touch. Like his hands. His face. Sirius presses himself into Remus, trying to touch every part of him. Heat up every part of him.

“I should have known,” Remus says breathlessly, breaking the kiss. “That you had some kind of hockey kink.”

Sirius smiles, pulling back but only barely. Not a hockey kink, he signs. A you kink.

Remus rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah.” But he’s smiling too, cheeks flushed from the cold or from Sirius, or maybe both. They’re so pretty, Sirius has to kiss them. Remus’s nose too. The corners of his mouth. His temples. His hair. His hands get more knotted in Remus’s clothes and he is suddenly overwhelmed by it all. Them. This. Wanting this so badly he thinks it might actually drive him insane.

“Hey, Sirius?” Remus ducks his head, trying to get Sirius’s attention. “What is it?”

And Sirius doesn’t know what it is that Remus is seeing, or how to explain any of the things bubbling around inside him. He lets go of Remus long enough to sign: I just want to stay here. With you. I just want us to always be like this.

Remus arches his brow. Like this?

“Yeah,” Sirius swallows, overflowing. Spilling onto the ice. Happy.

Remus’s face softens and he pulls Sirius in again. Mouths and teeth and tongues.

“We will,” Remus says eventually, right into Sirius’s mouth. “We will. Just like this.”

 

 

Mary

Lily has deserted her at their table in the Leaky to go talk with some people she met in lecture. Mary has never understood the desire to seek out people to make small talk with, but Lily seems to make something of a habit of it. Asking people about their day. Their houseplants. Their grocery lists. It’d be ridiculous if it wasn’t also, for some reason, unbelievably charming. Like most of what Lily does.

Mary sighs as she passes her cranberry juice back and forth between her hands, trying to pretend that she isn’t pathetically wrapped up in her girlfriend. It’s a Tuesday night so the Leaky is fairly subdued, tables filled but not much of a dance floor going, or a line at the bar. They chose this night specifically so James could come for a little bit, now that he’s being let out of the house. Mary takes a sip of her drink, enjoying her solitude until a shadow falls across her table.

“Fabian,” surprised. He doesn’t usually come to the Leaky, she suspects in an attempt to avoid Remus.

He smiles at her. “Hey, how’s your night going?”

She looks pointedly at her empty table and then back at his beaming face. “Thrillingly,” she says flatly. “How about yours?”

“Good,” but she can tell there’s more. He’s biting on his lower lip, bouncing on the balls of his feet, he might as well write “I have something to say” across his forehead. She waits for him to just pucker up the courage and spit it out himself but, of course, he doesn’t.

Sighing, Mary begrudgingly asks. “That all?”

He flushes, all the way down his neck, eyes darting around before he leans closer to her, trying and failing to hold back a smile. “I’ve met someone.”

She arches her brow. “Oh?” that would explain the significant decrease in moping at work she’s noticed recently.

“He’s over there,” he nods his head towards the bar where Mary catches sight of a tall, broad shouldered, blue haired boy.

“Huh,” not exactly what she was expecting. 

“This is our fourth date. I—“ he stops himself, mouth twitching as he looks down, embarrassed, face still flaming red. “I like him,” he finishes finally.

“Usually good to like the person you’re on a date with.”

“Right?” he says, completely sincerely. “He’s the best honestly,” dumb lovestruck look on his face, Mary actually thinks he sighs.

“Well,” amused. “I’m happy for you.”

“Thanks,” grinning like an idiot, as the boy in question turns away from the bar with two drinks in his hands, eyes scanning the room, presumably for his date. “I should get back.”

“You should.”

“See you at work!” he calls over his shoulder, bouncing away. Mary watches the moment the blue-haired boy sees him. Watches his face light-up. Fabian going onto his tippy-toes to give him a kiss on the cheek.

“What’s got you all smiley?” she jumps as Lily slides into the seat across from her, immediately grabbing her drink and taking a sip without asking.

Mary gives her a flat look. “You know that’s just juice right?”

Lily smiles, licking her lips as she places the glass back down. “I like juice.” Mary continues to give her an unimpressed look.

“You,” Lily points at her. “Smiley. Why?”

Mary considers not telling her, just to bug her, but eventually decides against it, nodding her head towards the bar. “Fabian’s got himself a new boy.” 

Lily’s face instantly lights up. “No way!” swivelling around in her seat to look. Mary rolls her eyes, pulling her drink back towards her. Subtlety has never been Lily Evans’s strong suit. “Oh my god,” Lily gasps. “Oh my god wait, that’s who Fabian’s dating?” she turns back to Mary who nods, which results in Lily actually giggling.

Mary arches her brow. “You alright there?”

“This is incredible,” Lily is shaking her head. “I know him he’s in my deep sea biology course.”

“Okay?”

But she’s still laughing, looking at them over her shoulder again, before leaning across the table. “Guess what his name is.” The way that Lily is smiling, Mary really wants to kiss her. She won’t, not here, not in public like this. But she’s thinking about it.

“Ben? George? The fuck should I know?”

But Lily is still grinning, like the cat who got the cream. “Romulus.”

There’s a beat.

“No it isn’t.”

But Lily is nodding her head enthusiastically, practically bouncing in her seat. “uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh.”

“There’s no way.”

“Guess Fabian has a type, huh?” her eyes glitter, the corner of her mouth pulling up. 

Mary shakes her head, running a hand over her face. “That’s ridiculous.”

“I like it.”

“What the hell is wrong with these people’s parents? Who names their kids Remus and Romulus?”

Lily shrugs. “Classics majors?”

Which, alright, fair enough.

Mary picks up her glass, downing the rest of its contents as she continues to shake her head. She will definitely be giving Fabian shit about this when they work together tomorrow. And also probably for the rest of his life.

“Hey,” Lily reaches out, hand covering Mary’s on the table, Mary looks down at the point where they meet before looking back Lily. “I have a question for you.”

Mary arches her brow. “A question?”

“More a proposition.”

“That sounds scandalous.”

Lily rolls her eyes. “It isn’t, I promise,” and then, biting on her lower lip like it’s her part-time job, “My sister’s getting married this summer.”

Mary nods slowly. “I know, you’ve mentioned it.”

“Right, yeah,” her mouth pulls to the side, nose scrunched. Mary really wants to kiss her. Wants to kiss her all the time honestly. “I was wondering if you’d come with me?”

Mary blinks. “To your sister’s wedding?” she clarifies, unnecessarily. Lily nods. “As your…friend?”

“As my date,” cheeks flushed, freckles rosy.

“Oh.”

“Yeah.”

She isn’t actually sure what Lily has told her family about them, if she’s told them anything. Doesn’t feel like it’s her place to push for that. She knows what it’s like, not to be able to share everything with the people you love. What’s it’s like for family to be complicated, even if it isn’t bad.

As if reading Mary’s thoughts Lily pushes forward. “My parents really want to meet you.” She squeezes Mary’s hand on the table.

“Oh,” Mary says again, unhelpfully.

Lily tilts her head. “Is that a good oh or a bad oh? I can’t tell how you’re feeling right now.” Which Mary thinks is fair, because she’s not sure she can tell how she’s feeling right now either. Except that—

“It’s good.”

Lily gives her a shy kind of smile. “Yeah?”

“Yes. I would love to be your date Lily Evans.” I love you. I love you. I love you.

Her face grows so bright. “I’m glad.”

Their hands are still laced together on the table top. The pair of them making obscene, disgusting, revolting mushy eyes at one another. It feels like they sit like that for ages. Maybe it’s only seconds. The world whirring around them, the pair only looking at each other.

Until.

“Lily! Mary!”

Mary thinks they both wake up a bit, turning to see Marlene, Dorcas and Peter cutting through the crowd.

 

 

Regulus

“Keep the sunglasses on the whole time, and if you start to get even the smallest bit of a headache—“

“Regulus.”

“—we’re going home. And no alcohol. You’re drinking water all night.”

“Regulus.”

“Also if anyone touches you I’m going to punch them.”

James laughs, grabbing Regulus with his good arm and pulling him in. They’re a few steps away from the Leaky, the sky dark though not quite black. Regulus was able to bully James into a shirt, which, James was right, was actually more trouble than it was worth. Now the older boy is smiling down at him, eyes hidden behind his dark aviator sunglasses.

“Tonight is going to be fun,” he says, which makes Regulus scoff but James squeezes his arm. “It is. I’m fine,” another scoff. “And school is done and hockey’s done and all our friends are here and there’s nothing to stress out about.”

“There’s always something to stress out about,” Regulus says resolutely.

James laughs again, shaking his head as he leans down and kisses Regulus, quickly, chastely. It still makes him nervous, still makes Regulus’s eyes bounce anxiously around the surrounding area. But he’s getting better.

“Fun, okay?” James repeats, brushing their noses together.

Regulus rolls his eyes. “Yes. Okay. Fine.”

“Thank you,” James beams.

It’s busy inside but not too loud, not that that stops Regulus from constantly sneaking concerned looks at James. He isn’t entirely sure what he’s expecting to see, but on the off chance he so much as flinches Regulus is willing to throw him over his shoulder and drag him out of here.

“JAMES!”

Sirius parts the sea of people, clearly well on his way to being drunk, dark hair slipping out of the tie at the back of his head as he grabs hold of James and pulls him into a hug.

“Fuck Sirius be careful!” Regulus snaps, but the two boys next to him only laugh.

“Nah, he’s alright, aren’t you babe?”

“Never felt better,” James grins back, which has Regulus rolling his eyes. “How many drinks have you had?”

“Only two—no wait—three. Definitely three.” Sirius squints. “I think.”

James laughs, the pair still holding onto one another. “Nice. I will be living vicariously through you.”

Sirius nods wisely. “Most people do.”

Regulus is feeling very much like he needs a drink, when he spots someone moving towards them.

“Oh thank god,” Remus says. “I was worried he’d run out into the street and gotten hit by a car or something.”

“Hey!” Sirius says indignantly, James barely trying to hide his laughter. Sirius signs and speaks at the same time: “I’m not a dog. I can go out on my own you know.”

“Debatable.”

Sirius splutters as James gently touches Remus’s arm, getting his attention, signing and speaking just like Sirius. “How many drinks did he really have?”

Remus rolls his eyes. “Two. And they were beers too. Not that it matters, he has the alcohol tolerance of a thirteen year old.”

“I do not!” Sirius objects. “And I could have sworn it was three.”

Two, Remus mouthes at James, who doesn’t even try to hide his laughter now. 

“This is clearly a problem that needs to be solved.”

“Is it?” Remus asks.

“Obviously the universe is telling me I need another drink.”

“In what way is that obvious?”

But Sirius ignores him, turning to Regulus. “Want anything little brother?”

“No, thank you,” Regulus says, which of course results in Sirius sticking his tongue out at him.

“Lame,” and then. “Come on Remus, to the bar!”

“Oh joy,” Remus sighs, though there is undeniably fondness in his eyes as he lets Sirius drag him off.

James watches them go with a grin on his face.

“My brother is an idiot,” Regulus can’t help but point out.

“He’s amazing,” which isn’t exactly a denial. And while, privately, Regulus might agree. He certainly won’t be saying so out loud.

 

 

They maneuver their way through the bar, finally spotting a table at the back where Mary, Lily, Dorcas, Marlene, and Peter are all sitting.

“Room for two more?” James says as they walk up to them. Which, of course, results in a chorus of cheers and “James!” “Look at you!” “Nice glasses!” He laughs, sliding into the conversation with an ease that Regulus has never had, but that he is somewhat in awe of.

Cerci shows up some time later, flanked on either side by Evan and Barty Crouch—whose presence will never not be a bit of a shock to Regulus. He sees it in the faces of James and Sirius too, the mildly star struck expression. They all thought he was going to be the NHL’s next darling, and now all of a sudden he’s sitting with them in their shitty college bar. No one says anything of course. Including Barty, who, more often than not, seems content to simply sit next to Evan. Or be on the receiving end of Cerci’s smiles.

“Oh my god!” Sirius drops his near empty glass of beer onto the table, which, thankfully, doesn’t shatter. “It’s my song. They’re playing my song.” He gets to his feet, pulling Remus along with him. “James!” he shouts over his shoulder. “get your ass out here. The rest of you too!”

There’s barely anyone on the dance floor, and this certainly isn’t the song that would make most people get out of their seats, but then, Sirius isn’t most people.

“C’mon,” James presses in close, whispering in Regulus’s ear, hot breath sneaking down his neck. “Dance with me.”

Regulus means to say no. Means to laugh in his face. But James is so warm. His mouth at Regulus’s ear. Hands at his hips. That somehow, without his permission, he finds himself standing, finds himself being led out to the middle of the room.

Sirius and Remus are standing next to the speakers, Sirius signing. Dorcas and Marlene, Mary and Lily, Peter, Cerci, Evan—they’re all on their feet. Shouting the words at one another. James grabs hold of Regulus with his good hand and spins him around. The pair stumbling together. James kisses him then. And Regulus is kissing him back. And somewhere along the way kissing turns into singing. James whispering the words into Regulus’s mouth.

 

Can't we give ourselves one more chance?

Why can't we give love that one more chance?

Why can't we give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love,

give love?

 

And for a moment. Just a moment. Regulus Black thinks maybe he’s okay. Maybe, as insane as it sounds, he’s even happy.

 

This is our last dance

This is our last dance

This is ourselves

 

Under pressure

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Notes:

    I WANTED TO DO MORE EDITING BUT UNFORTUNATELY I REALLY DO HAVE A REAL LIFE WITH REAL OBLIGATIONS THAT I HAVE BEEN IGNORING FOR HOURS AND CANNOT CONTINUE TO IGNORE SOOOOOOOOOO I"M SORRY I HOPE IT WAS OKAY

    i really liked getting to parallel the first chapter, starting with Regulus in therapy and ending with them all singing together at the bar

    ANYWAY hopefully this ending gave you everything you were looking for and has you feeling all warm and fuzzy :)

    MERRY HALLOWS EVE <3

Works inspired by this one:

    Kill Your Darlings (Podfic) by illustriousday

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (5358) 

Kudos

unusualocean, forever_moonchild, Abulasuloot, oceanunderthemoon, Joss_99, remix254, monolog, ClaaaryyyYY, fresh_bruises, stargirlyy12, rebeckki, auaaleid2, Ley4wey3s, GlassHummingbird98, Narcissa_cereza, Why_deadass, sun_of_peopl, ashata, yourdearmars, Milika_Hime, Charlie_the_riddle, bibliophilec, Lalla_miss, ShushyourMom, Lycaaaa00, pupi_822, CornerFuture, otb0928, Stop_drop_roll, That_human, Armycarathere, eosmac, luamoony2206, aira_chillingintheforest, sketchy_helen, ba_ba_ya_gaslight, the_seasons_are_powerful, capeelizabeth, Ladybug_Collector, moonstar7, My1Name1, nothingbutchickenshit, Drowninmycup, evixf, lovelymjyh, takemybreath, t2rose, mercurialstar, CrystalChang, eli_sa, and 16063 more users as well as 11059 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.408.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

